The ssv.network is a fully decentralized, open-source, and trustless DVT Network that provides a reusable infrastructure solution for decentralizing Ethereum validators.

Maximum Bounty
$1,000,000

    PoC Required

    Vault program

    KYC required

Submit a Bug
Information
Scope
Resources
VaultImmunefi vault program

Funds available
$215,176.19

30d Avg. Funds availability
$245,765.56

Assets in vault

    60.6k  SSV 

Public vault address
0x2Be7549f1B58Fc3E81427a09E61e6D0B050A4C1D
Rewards
SSV Network provides rewards in SSV on Ethereum, denominated in USD.
Rewards by Threat Level
Smart Contract
Critical
Max: $1,000,000Min: $50,000
Primacy of Impact
High
Flat: $30,000
Primacy of Impact
Medium
Flat: $10,000
Primacy of Impact
Low
Flat: $1,500
Primacy of Impact
Critical Reward Calculation
Mainnet assets:

Reward amount is 10% of the funds directly affected up to a maximum of:
$1,000,000

Minimum reward to discourage security researchers from withholding a bug report:
$50,000
Rewards Body

Rewards are distributed according to the impact the vulnerability could otherwise cause based on the Impacts in Scope table further below.

Reward Calculation for Critical Level Reports

For critical Smart Contract bugs, the reward amount is 10% of the funds directly affected up to a maximum of USD 1 000 000. The calculation of the amount of funds at risk is based on the time and date the bug report is submitted. However, a minimum reward of USD 50 000 is to be rewarded in order to incentivize security researchers against withholding a bug report.
Repeatable Attack Limitations

In cases of repeatable attacks for smart contract bugs, only the first attack will be counted, regardless of whether the smart contract is upgradable, pausable, or killable.

Previous Audits

ssv.network has provided these completed audit review reports for reference. Any unfixed vulnerability mentioned in these reports are not eligible for a reward.

    https://github.com/bloxapp/ssv-network/tree/main/contracts/audits

Proof of Concept (PoC) Requirements

A PoC is required for the following severity levels:

    Smart Contract - Critical
    Smart Contract - High
    Smart Contract - Medium
    Smart Contract - Low

All PoCs submitted must comply with the Immunefi-wide PoC Guidelines and Rules. Bug report submissions without a PoC when a PoC is required will not be provided with a reward.

Other Terms and Information

    Disclosure of vulnerabilities will require the approval of the SSV DAO Grants committee
    Payments for approved reports will be sent on the first half of the month following the report approval
    Up to 150 000 SSV token are available as a total reward pool for this BBP

Reward Payment Terms

Payouts are handled by the ssv.network team directly and are denominated in USD. However, payments are done in SSV.

The calculation of the net amount rewarded is based on the average price between CoinMarketCap.com and CoinGecko.com at the time the bug report was submitted. No adjustments are made based on liquidity availability. For avoidance of doubt, if the reward amount is USD 5 000 and the average price is USD 1.75 per token, then the reward will be 2857.142857 units of that token.
View impacts in scope
Program Overview

The ssv.network is a fully decentralized, open-source, and trustless DVT Network that provides a reusable infrastructure solution for decentralizing Ethereum validators.

The protocol supports Ethereum’s validation layer by distributing validator operations to the network’s multiple non-trusting nodes (a.k.a Operators). Clusters of operator nodes operate validators on behalf of the staker and simultaneously help solve the fundamental issues of centralization, redundancy, and security that exist within Ethereum’s PoS consensus.

For more information about ssv.network, please visit https://ssv.network/

ssv.network provides rewards in SSV. For more details about the payment process, please view the Rewards by Threat Level section further below.

KYC Requirement

The provision of KYC is required to receive a reward for this bug bounty program where the following information will be required to be provided:

    Official government identification document (Passport, ID Card) of the bounty’s recipient
    Up to date proof of address document (utility bill, Bank statement etc)

KYC information is only required on confirmation of the validity of a bug report.

Primacy of Impact vs Primacy of Rules

ssv.network adheres to the Primacy of Impact for the following severity levels:

    Smart Contract - Critical
    Smart Contract - High
    Smart Contract - Medium
    Smart Contract - Low

If a category’s severity level is covered within the Primacy of Impact, it means that even if the impacted asset is not in-scope but is owned by the project, then it would be considered as in-scope of the bug bounty program as long as it involves an impact under that respective severity level. When submitting a report, just select the Primacy of Impact asset placeholder. If the team behind this project has multiple projects, those other projects are not covered under the Primacy of Impact of this program. Instead, check if those other projects have a bug bounty program on Immunefi.

Testnet and mock files are not covered under the Primacy of Impact.

All other severity levels not listed here are considered under the Primacy of Rules, which means that they are bound by the terms of the bug bounty program.

Immunefi Standard Badge

ssv.network has satisfied the requirements for the Immunefi Standard Badge, which is given to projects that adhere to our best practices.
KYC required

The submission of KYC information is a requirement for payout processing.
Participants must adhere to the Eligibility Criteria.
Proof of Concept

Proof of concept is always required for all severities.
Responsible Publication

Category 3: Approval Required
Prohibited Activities
Default prohibited activities

    Any testing on mainnet or public testnet deployed code; all testing should be done on local-forks of either public testnet or mainnet
    Any testing with pricing oracles or third-party smart contracts
    Attempting phishing or other social engineering attacks against our employees and/or customers
    Any testing with third-party systems and applications (e.g. browser extensions) as well as websites (e.g. SSO providers, advertising networks)
    Any denial of service attacks that are executed against project assets
    Automated testing of services that generates significant amounts of traffic
    Public disclosure of an unpatched vulnerability in an embargoed bounty
    Any other actions prohibited by the Immunefi Rules

Feasibility Limitations

The project may be receiving reports that are valid (the bug and attack vector are real) and cite assets and impacts that are in scope, but there may be obstacles or barriers to executing the attack in the real world. In other words, there is a question about how feasible the attack really is. Conversely, there may also be mitigation measures that projects can take to prevent the impact of the bug, which are not feasible or would require unconventional action and hence, should not be used as reasons for downgrading a bug's severity.

Therefore, Immunefi has developed a set of feasibility limitation standards which by default states what security researchers, as well as projects, can or cannot cite when reviewing a bug report.

    Chain Rollbacks
    Pre-Impact Bug Monitoring
    Attack Investment Amount
    Attacks With A Financial Risk To The Attacker
    When Is An Impactful Attack Downgraded To Griefing?

Submit a Bug
30d Avg. Funds Availability
    $245,765.56
Total Assets in Scope
    3
--------------------


The ssv.network is a fully decentralized, open-source, and trustless DVT Network that provides a reusable infrastructure solution for decentralizing Ethereum validators.


    PoC Required

    Vault program

    KYC required

Resources

Assets in Scope
	Type
		Name
	
	
	
etherscan.io
	SSV Network	11 September 2023
	
	
etherscan.io
	SSV Network View	11 September 2023
		Primacy Of Impact		5 October 2023
Impacts in Scope
Critical
	

Direct theft of any user funds, whether at-rest or in-motion, other than unclaimed yield
Critical
	

Permanent freezing of funds
Critical
	

Protocol insolvency
High
	

Theft of unclaimed yield
High
	

Permanent freezing of unclaimed yield
High
	

Temporary freezing of funds
Medium
	

Block stuffing
Medium
	

Griefing (e.g. no profit motive for an attacker, but damage to the users or the protocol)
Medium
	

Theft of gas
Low
	

Contract fails to deliver promised returns, but doesn't lose value
View rewards
Out of scope
Default Out of Scope and rules

Smart Contract specific

    Incorrect data supplied by third party oracles
        Not to exclude oracle manipulation/flash loan attacks
    Impacts requiring basic economic and governance attacks (e.g. 51% attack)
    Lack of liquidity impacts
    Impacts from Sybil attacks
    Impacts involving centralization risks

All categories

    Impacts requiring attacks that the reporter has already exploited themselves, leading to damage
    Impacts caused by attacks requiring access to leaked keys/credentials
    Impacts caused by attacks requiring access to privileged addresses (including, but not limited to: governance and strategist contracts) without additional modifications to the privileges attributed
    Impacts relying on attacks involving the depegging of an external stablecoin where the attacker does not directly cause the depegging due to a bug in code
    Mentions of secrets, access tokens, API keys, private keys, etc. in Github will be considered out of scope without proof that they are in-use in production
    Best practice recommendations
    Feature requests
    Impacts on test files and configuration files unless stated otherwise in the bug bounty program
    Impacts requiring phishing or other social engineering attacks against project's employees and/or customers

Submit a Bug
Total Assets in Scope
    3
Total Impacts in Scope
    10

----------