RPG: A R EPOSITORY P LANNING G RAPH FOR U NIFIED AND
S CALABLE C ODEBASE G ENERATION
Jane Luo1 ∗,‡ Xin Zhang1 ∗ † Steven Liu1,‡ Jie Wu1 2,‡ Jianfeng Liu1
Chengyu Yin1 Ying Xin1 Yuefeng Zhan1 Hao Sun1 Qi Chen1
arXiv:2509.16198v5 [cs.CL] 20 Oct 2025
1
Microsoft
2
Tsinghua University
3
Yiming Huang3 Yangyu Huang1
Scarlett Li1 Mao Yang1
University of California, San Diego
October 21, 2025
A BSTRACT
Large language models excel at generating individual functions or single files of code, yet generating
complete repositories from scratch remains a fundamental challenge. This capability is key to building
coherent software systems from high-level specifications and realizing the full potential of automated
code generation. The process requires planning at two levels: deciding what features and modules
to build (proposal stage) and defining their implementation details (implementation stage). Current
approaches rely on natural language planning, which often produces unclear specifications, misaligned
components, and brittle designs due to its inherent ambiguity and lack of structure. To address these
limitations, we introduce the Repository Planning Graph (RPG), a structured representation that
encodes capabilities, file structures, data flows, and functions in a unified graph. By replacing
free-form natural language with an explicit blueprint, RPG enables consistent long-horizon planning
for repository generation. Building on RPG, we develop ZeroRepo, a graph-driven framework that
operates in three stages: proposal-level planning, implementation-level construction, and graphguided code generation with test validation To evaluate, we construct RepoCraft, a benchmark of six
real-world projects with 1,052 tasks. On RepoCraft, ZeroRepo produces nearly 36K Code Lines and
445K Code Tokens, on average 3.9× larger than the strongest baseline (Claude Code), and 68× larger
than other baselines. It achieves 81.5% coverage and 69.7% test accuracy, improving over Claude
Code by 27.3 and 35.8 points. Further analysis shows that RPG models complex dependencies,
enables more sophisticated planning through near-linear scaling, and improves agent understanding
of repositories, thus accelerating localization.

1
Introduction
Recent large language models (LLMs) have shown strong performance on function-level and file-level code generation,
reliably producing functions and files from natural language descriptions [1–4]. However, scaling this capability from
functions and files to generate large-scale software repositories from scratch remains a fundamental challenge. The core
difficulty is bridging the gap between high-level user intent and the repository’s intricate network of files, classes, and
dependencies[5, 6]. Successfully navigating this gap necessitates a process of progressive planning, which naturally
decomposes into two complementary phases: proposal-level planning, which determines what to build by defining
the functional scope and key capabilities, and implementation-level planning, which determines how to build it by
specifying the file structure, interfaces, dependencies, and data flows.
Prior work has explored this challenge through three paradigms. Distributed planning frameworks (e.g., MetaGPT [7],
ChatDev [8]) assign specialized roles such as manager, architect, and engineer to negotiate between requirements and
implementations. Workflow-based systems (e.g., Paper2Code [9], AutoP2C [10]) follow fixed pipelines that first build
∗
†
‡
Equal contribution, Contact: janeluo1210@163.com
Corresponding author: xinzhang3@microsoft.com
This work is done during their internships at Microsoft.

A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
architectural skeletons before filling in details. Iterative terminal agents (e.g., OpenHands [11], Claude Code [12],
Gemini CLI [13]) externalize intermediate plans, often in markdown, and refine them step by step. Despite their
differences, these approaches share a dependency: natural language as the intermediate medium for planning.
While natural language remains a flexible and human-readable medium, it can often be less efficient for large-scale
repository generation. Its inherent ambiguity may blur distinctions between intent and constraints [14], its lack of
explicit hierarchy makes dependency tracking particularly difficult [15], and static plans may gradually degrade over
long horizons without adaptive adjustment [16]. When extended to automatic repository generation, these limitations
can more easily lead to unstable proposal-level planning, where functionalities are sometimes incomplete, overlapping,
or unevenly scoped [17], and fragmented implementation-level planning, where plans drift across iterations, introducing
inconsistencies in dependencies, data flows, and modular boundaries [18, 19].
To address these limitations, we introduce the Repository Planning Graph (RPG), a persistent and evolvable representation that unifies proposal and implementation planning for repository generation. RPG encodes functional goals and
designs in a single graph: nodes capture hierarchical capabilities with files, classes, and functions, while edges specify
semantic relations and data flows. By replacing free-form language with a structured medium, RPG provides a compact,
interpretable basis for consistent long-horizon planning. Building on this representation, we develop ZeroRepo, a
graph-driven framework for controllable repository generation. Given a user specification, ZeroRepo proceeds in three
stages: (1) Proposal-Level Construction, which organizes and refines requirements into a functional graph via a
large-scale feature tree; (2) Implementation-Level Construction, which expands this graph into the full RPG by
encoding file skeletons, interfaces, and flows; and (3) Graph-Guided Code Generation, which traverses the RPG in
topological order with test-driven development, guided localization, and iterative editing.
To evaluate agents’ planning ability in repository generation, we construct RepoCraft, a benchmark of six projects with
1,052 tasks. On RepoCraft, ZeroRepo attains 81.5% functional coverage and a 69.7% pass rate, exceeding the strongest
baseline (Claude Code) by 27.3 and 35.8 points, while producing repositories with 36K Lines of Code and 445K Code
Tokens, about 3.9× larger than Claude Code and 68× larger than other baselines. Further analysis shows that Repository
Planning Graph (RPG) captures complex dependencies, including inter-module data flows and function-level relations.
It enables near-linear scaling of functionality and code size, supporting complex planning and providing a foundation
for large-scale repositories and long-horizon development. As a global representation, RPG enhances agents’ repository
understanding and accelerates localization.
Our Contributions are list below:
1. We introduce the Repository Planning Graph (RPG), a unified representation integrating proposal- and
implementation-level planning, encoding functionality, file structures, data flows, and function designs.
2. We develop ZeroRepo, a graph-driven framework that constructs RPG through proposal- and implementationlevel planning, and generates code with test validation.
3. To evaluate agent planning ability in repository generation, we build RepoCraft, a benchmark of 6 projects
with 1,052 tasks assessing coverage, accuracy, and code scale.
4. On RepoCraft, ZeroRepo achieves strong improvements over baselines, reaching 81.5% functional coverage
and nearly 69.7% test accuracy, while producing repositories 3.9× larger than the strongest baseline. Further
analysis shows that RPG captures complex dependencies, enables more sophisticated planning through
near-linear scaling, and enhances agents’ repository understanding, thereby accelerating localization.

2
Related Work
LLM-based Code Generation SOTA models (e.g., GPT-4o [20], Claude 4 [21], Gemini [22], DeepSeek-R1 [23])
excel at diverse SWE tasks, including code completion, test generation [24, 25], refactoring [26], and program repair [27].
Instruction-tuned variants (e.g., Qwen-Coder [28], EpiCoder [2]) further improve reliability. These advances establish
strong function-level performance, laying the foundation for progress toward broader software engineering tasks.
Agents for Repository-Level Generation Agent frameworks embed LLMs in planning–coding loops [29, 30].
Multi-agent systems (e.g., ChatDev [8], MetaGPT [7]) assign roles under fixed procedures, while workflow systems
(e.g., Paper2Code [9], AutoP2C [10]) decompose synthesis into phases. Industrial systems (e.g., Codex [31], Gemini
Cli [32] Claude Code [12]) extend these ideas to multi-file projects. However, most rely on ad-hoc natural language
plans without persistent structural representations, often leading to fragmented implementations. By contrast, ZeroRepo
employs a graph-guided abstraction that enforces structured planning and implementation guide.

3
Repository Planning Graph Construction
To address the ambiguity of natural language plans, we propose the Repository Planning Graph (RPG), a structured
representation that encodes repository functionality and implementation logic as nodes and edges. Building on RPG, we
2
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Figure
Legend
Functionality Node
Data Loading Node
Folder-Augmented
Node
ML Algorithms Node
File-Augmented
Node
Function-Augmented
Node
File-Augmented
Graph
Repository Planning
Graph(RPG)
Evaluation Node
Functionality
Graph
Skeleton
B.1 File Structure Encoding
LLM Involvement
Update Folder
Information Flow
Folder
Root
Nodes
Embedding Nodes
Sample
Explore-Subtree
Feature Tree
Retrieve
Exploit-Subtree
system input
Please Generate a
Machine Learning
Repository.

src
src/algos
data_load
src/eval
load_data.py
preprocess.py
Transform
Vector Database
Select
Query
User Query
src/data_load
Mapping
A. Proposal-Level Construction
&
Update
algos
Iteratively Update Files
to Skeleton
regression
linear.py
×𝒌
pop
Select & Update
`
Root
Nodes
eval
Intermediate
Nodes
cls_metrics.py
Design
visualize.py
File
Refactor
After Iteration
load_data.py
load_data.py
preprocess.py
preprocess.py
Intermediate
Nodes
Repo-Aligned Subtree
B. Implementation-Level Construction
src/data_load
B.1
File Structure
Encoding
load_data.py
B.2 Data Flow and Functions Encoding
B.2
Data Flow
& Functions
Encoding class DataLoader
Design
Root
Nodes
Base
Classes
Leaf
Nodes
Root
Nodes
C. Graph-Guided Code Generation
RPG-Guided Search
2
load_data.py
class DataLoader
Repository Code View
Dependency Explore
1
Fail
Input
Features
Design
Update Base Classes
Predicted
Output
Label Flow
Data
Flow
Base Classes
class BaseEstimator:
Assign
def fit(self, X, y):
pass
class
def predict(self, X):
BaseEstimator
pass
Iteratively Update Functions
Functions/Classes
Feedback
Write
Test
Update
Pass
Test
Code
Execution
Edit Code
Localization
Design
class DataLoader:
Functions def load_csv(self,p):
Topological
Ordering
pass
def load_json(self,p):
pass
Leaf
Nodes
class DataLoader:
def load_csv(self, path):
return pd.read_csv (path)
...

class DataLoader
Figure 1: The ZeroRepo pipeline for repository generation. (A) Proposal-level construction translates specifications
into a functionality graph. (B) Implementation-level construction refines it via (B1) file-structure encoding into a
file-augmented graph and (B2) data-flow/function encoding into the final Repository Planning Graph (RPG). (C)
Graph-guided code generation traverses RPG in topological order to produce a stable repository.
develop ZeroRepo, a framework for repository generation from scratch. This section first introduces the structure of RPG
(§3.1), and then explains how ZeroRepo constructs it through proposal-level planning (§3.2) and implementation-level
refinement (§3.3). The overall pipeline is shown in Figure 1(A-B).
3.1
Repository Planning Graph Structure
As shown in Figure 2, RPG provides a unified representation for repository planning by encoding functionality and
implementation in a structured graph, rather than unstable
natural language descriptions. Its nodes carry dual semantics. At the functional level, they represent progressively
refined capabilities: high-level modules (e.g., algorithms,
evaluation) decompose into mid-level components and
ultimately into leaf nodes corresponding to concrete algorithms. At the structural level, this hierarchy naturally mirrors repository organization: root nodes typically align with
file regions, intermediate nodes with files, and leaf nodes
with functions or classes, thereby unifying functional decomposition with code structure.

Partial
Repository Planning Graph
of
Machine Learning Library
regression/
linear.py
src/algos
ML
Algorithms
Lasso
Linear
Regression
class
LassoRegression(BaseEsti
mator)
class BaseEstimator
Training Data /
Feature Matrix
Data
Loading
Predictions
Target Values / Target Data
Evaluation
src/data_load
load_data.py
load
json
load
data
src/eval
preprocess
preprocess.py
load
load
csv
csv
class DataLoader
Elastic class
ElasticNet(BaseEstimator)
Net
normalize
text
func
norm_text
visualize
visualize.py
plot
roc curve
func
plot_roc_curve
clustering
Metrics
silhouette
score
func
silhouette_score
cluster_metrics.py
rand
index
func
rand_index
Beyond the hierarchical nodes, edges in RPG capture execution dependencies across granularity. Inter-module edges Figure 2: Example of a Repository Planning Graph: Solid
(black arrows in Figure 2) encode data flows between mod- lines show hierarchy, black arrows for inter-module flows,
ules, such as outputs from Data Loading feeding into dashed gray arrows for intra-module order.
ML Algorithms and then into Evaluation. Intra-module
edges (gray dashed arrows) capture file-level orderings; for instance, load_data.py precedes preprocess.py, with
3
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
outputs propagated to preprocessing. Collectively, these edges impose a topological order that aligns functional decomposition with code organization, ensuring coherence between global execution semantics and local implementation.
3.2
Proposal-Level Construction
At the proposal level, the aim is to translate high-level user specifications into a coherent functionality graph. This
involves three steps: grounding functionalities in a large-scale Feature Tree, selecting a repository-aligned subtree via
explore–exploit search, and refactoring it into the graph. The full algorithm is detailed in Appendix A.1.
A Global Tree as Knowledge Base LLMs alone provide unstable and biased capability enumeration, often yielding
incomplete coverage [33, 34]. To stabilize planning, we ground functionality selection in the EpiCoder Feature Tree [2],
a large-scale ontology of over 1.5M software capabilities. Its broad coverage and hierarchy serve as a structured prior,
mitigating randomness and bias while ensuring repository functionalities are systematically captured and diverse. For
efficient retrieval, each feature node is embedded into a vector representation, with its full hierarchical path stored as
metadata in a vector database. This design preserves both semantic similarity and structural context, enabling precise
and scalable functionality grounding. Detailed statistics of the Feature Tree are provided in Appendix A.2.
Explore–Exploit Subtree Selection Using the Feature Tree as a structured knowledge base, the first step is to
construct a repo-aligned subtree tailored to the user’s goal. Exhaustive enumeration is infeasible at the 1.5M scale,
so ZeroRepo incrementally expands the subtree via an explore–exploit strategy. (1) Exploitation ensures precision:
we retrieve top-k feature paths most aligned with the user goal and augment them with keywords suggested by LLM
queries. (2) Exploration ensures diversity: we deliberately expand into unvisited regions of the ontology to capture less
obvious but relevant functionalities. Candidates from both strategies are filtered by the LLM and integrated into the
evolving subtree, yielding a balanced and comprehensive foundation for downstream planning.
Refactoring by Goal Alignment The repo-aligned subtree, though capturing relevant functionalities, still inherits
the generic organization of the global ontology. To align it with the user’s repository goal, we refactor feature
placements into a modular functionality graph. The LLM partitions functionalities into cohesive modules following
software engineering principles of cohesion and coupling. For instance, in a machine learning library, metrics such
as silhouette_score are reorganized under an evaluation module rather than within clustering algorithms. The
resulting graph establishes clear functional boundaries, encoding proposal-level planning directly into the representation.
3.3
Implementation-Level Construction
After proposal-level construction establishes the multi-level functional plan, the graph is further enriched with implementation details, culminating in the complete Repository Planning Graph (RPG) at this stage. The process includes
encoding the repository’s file structure, modeling inter-module data flows and intra-module orderings, and specifying
concrete functions and interfaces.
3.3.1 File Structure Encoding
While proposal-level planning defines modular functionalities, it remains abstract and detached from implementation.
To bridge this gap, the graph is extended with folder and file layouts, instantiating a repository skeleton that maps
functional modules into executable structures, resulting in a file-augmented graph.
Folder-Level Encoding Proposal-level planning partitions functionalities into modular subgraphs, but this abstraction
does not yet define the repository’s structural layout. To bridge the gap, we enrich root nodes with folder-level
specifications, assigning each subgraph a dedicated directory namespace (e.g., algoritms/, evaluation/). This
encoding couples semantic modularity with explicit structural separation, ensuring that descendant functionalities
inherit a consistent namespace and that the repository skeleton align with high-level capability decomposition.
File-Level Encoding Once folder regions are encoded at the root nodes, the graph is enriched by assigning files
to intermediate nodes. This step specifies how functionalities within a module are grouped into executable files. For
example, preprocessing utilities are consolidated into preprocess.py, while models such as linear regression and
its variants are grouped into linear_models.py. By embedding file structure in the graph, we preserve semantic
cohesion, reduce cross-file coupling, and obtain a file-augmented graph that anchors downstream design.
3.3.2
Data Flow and Functions Encoding
After obtaining the file-augmented graph, this stage finalizes the full Repository Planning Graph (RPG) by assigning
executable roles to leaf nodes. To ensure coherence across modules and functions, we first incorporate inter- and
intra-module data flows as input–output constraints, then abstract shared structures as design anchors, and finally refine
leaf nodes into concrete functions or classes.
4
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Data-Flow Encoding To ground interface design in execution semantics, the graph is augmented with data-flow edges
that capture inter- and intra-module relations. At the global level, as shown in Figure 2, typed input–output flows connect
subgraph roots; for example, a data-loading module may provide an array of training data to downstream algorithms.
At the local level, files within a module are planned in a specific order, ensuring coherent and dependency-aware
implementation. These flows impose a hierarchical topological order that constrains and organizes interface design.
Abstracting Global Interfaces To improve scalability and maintainability, recurring input–output patterns across
modules are abstracted into common data structures or base classes, providing design anchors that enforce interface
consistency and reduce redundancy. For example, algorithms can be unified under a BaseEstimator class to ensure
standardized interaction with preprocessing and evaluation modules.
Adaptive Interface Design Within each file-level subgraph, leaf features are clustered into executable interfaces
according to semantic relatedness. Independent features are implemented as standalone functions, while interdependent
features are consolidated into shared classes with individual methods. For example, in Figure 2, load_json and
load_csv are grouped into a DataLoader class, while regression variants are unified under LinearModels. This
adaptive mapping balances granularity with cohesion, yielding a complete Repository Planning Graph (RPG) that
preserves modularity and semantic consistency at the repository scale.

4
Graph-Guided Code Generation
As shown in Figure 1(D), given a user query and the completed RPG, ZeroRepo generates repositories by traversing the
graph in topological order, ensuring dependencies are implemented before dependents. At each leaf node, test-driven
development (TDD) is applied: a test is derived from the task specification, after which the corresponding functions or
classes are implemented and validated against it; failing cases trigger revisions until the test passes. Only functions that
pass all tests are committed to the repository, enabling incremental expansion while preserving stability. Additional
details are provided in Appendix C.
Graph-Guided Localization and Editing To handle implementation and debugging requests, we adopt a two-stage
workflow: first localizing the target in the RPG, then editing the associated code. Localization leverages the graph’s
global structure and three complementary tools: (1) RPG-Guided search, which uses functionality-based fuzzy
matching to identify candidate definitions; (2) repository code view, retrieving full interface bodies for inspection
or modification; and (3) dependency exploration, tracing edges to reveal related modules and interactions. Once
localized, the agent revises or generates the corresponding code to complete the requested implementation or repair.
Graph-Guided Test Validation To ensure correctness and contain errors early, validation follows a staged workflow
aligned with the graph. Each function or class is first verified in isolation through unit tests automatically derived from
its docstring. Validated components trigger regression tests upon modification, while completed subgraphs undergo
integration tests to ensure consistent data flows and contracts across modules. A lightweight majority-vote diagnosis
distinguishes genuine implementation errors from environment or test issues, automatically handling the latter and
returning the former for repair through the localization–editing workflow.

5
Experiment Setup
Table 1: Overview of the six reference repositories and their paraphrased counterparts (Para. Name) in RepoCraft. #F.
Cate. denotes functional categories, #Files the total source files, LOC the effective lines of code, and Task Counts the
evaluation tasks for measuring code accuracy.
Real Repo Para. Name
#F. Cate. #Files
LOC Code Tokens Task Counts
scikit-learn
pandas
sympy
statsmodels
requests
django
5.1
MLKit-Py
TableKit
SymbolicMath
StatModeler
HttpEasy
PyWebEngine
47
81
40
88
22
42
185
217
699
271
17
681
65,972
106,447
218,924
83,325
2,793
109,457
592,187
943,873
2,339,881
893,824
22,297
917,622
236
175
192
234
50
165
RepoCraft Benchmark
A key challenge in evaluating repository-level generation is the absence of benchmarks that assess end-to-end reasoning
and planning from scratch. Existing work either focuses on incremental development (editing, refactoring, or bug
5
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
fixing in existing codebases [26, 27, 35–37]) or repo generation but provides detailed skeletons and specifications that
reduce the need for autonomous planning [38, 39]. RepoCraft addresses this gap by requiring agents to build complete
repositories from high-level natural language descriptions and evaluating them against real-world projects in terms of
scale, functionality, and correctness, with final statistics shown in Table 1.
5.1.1
Reference Repository Selection
To provide a strong reference for evaluating reasoning and planning, RepoCraft grounds assessment in six widely
used Python projects: scikit-learn, pandas, sympy, statsmodels, requests, and django. These repositories exemplify
high-quality engineering practice as they have been developed by active communities, exhibit modular structures, and
include comprehensive test suites. Their diversity across scientific computing, data analysis, symbolic reasoning, web
services, and full-stack frameworks ensures that the benchmark captures breadth and realism. To mitigate pretraining
leakage, we paraphrase their names and descriptions into lexically distinct forms before providing them to agents.
5.1.2
Metrics
RepoCraft evaluates generated repositories along four complementary dimensions, with detailed definitions and formulas
provided in Appendix D.3.1:
Functionality Coverage Coverage is measured as the proportion of functional categories, drawn from official
documentation, that are represented by the generated functionalities. A category is counted as covered if at least one
generated functionality corresponds to it. This metric reflects only the breadth of functionality, without assessing
correctness. Reference taxonomies are provided in Appendix D.4.
Functionality Novelty Novelty is defined as the proportion of generated functionalities that fall outside the reference
taxonomy, i.e., those assigned to the new features category. It captures the system’s ability to propose coherent but
unseen capabilities beyond the ground specification.
Functionality Accuracy Accuracy evaluates correctness at the task level using two metrics: (1) Pass Rate, the
fraction of ground-truth tests passed; and (2) Voting Rate, the fraction validated by majority-vote semantic checks.
Unlike coverage, accuracy measures whether implementations faithfully realize the intended algorithms.
Code-Level Statistics We sreport repository scale indicators, including file count, normalized Lines of Code (LOC),
and token count, measured after excluding non-core code such as tests and examples.
5.1.3
Functional Task Construction and Evaluation
Parse Test Tree
Filter Test Files
Project
svm
svm/
sklearn/
setup.py
examples/
README
build/
Makefile
test_svm
tests/
test_svm.py
test_sparse.py
Collect Tasks
1.Sample and Filter Tests
test_sparse
svr
oneclass
test_svr_
predict
test_sparse_
oneclasssvm
test_svr_
predict
test_version
2. Generate Tasks
test_svr_
predict
Testing the SVR
algorithm...

Figure 3: Pipeline for Evaluation Task Collection. It comprises test file filtering, hierarchical parsing into test trees,
sampling and filtering, and final task generation.
To assess models’ planning ability on constructed repositories, we evaluate whether they (i) implement the intended
algorithms and (ii) realize them correctly. Simple measures of repository size or coverage are insufficient for this
purpose, so RepoCraft introduces task-level evaluations that capture both functional fidelity and implementation
accuracy (see Appendix D.2 for details).
To enable such fine-grained evaluation, RepoCraft derives tasks from reference repositories. As shown in Figure 3, we
collect all available test functions and classes, organize them hierarchically following each project’s modular structure,
and apply stratified sampling to ensure representative coverage. Trivial or non-algorithmic tests are filtered out, resulting
in a diverse and computationally meaningful set of 1,052 tasks that closely mirror practical software evaluation.
Each task includes a natural language description of the target algorithm, a ground-truth test, and auxiliary materials.
Evaluation proceeds in three steps: (1) Localization, mapping requirements to candidate functions or classes in the
generated repository; (2) Semantic Validation, applying majority-vote checks over two rounds to confirm fidelity to
the specification; and (3) Execution Testing, adapting and running the ground-truth test to verify interface correctness
under realistic inputs and outputs. This design mirrors real-world development while reducing sensitivity to spurious
model errors. We use o3-mini as the base model for automated evaluation.
6
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Table 2: Performance of agent frameworks and model backbones on RepoCraft. "Nov." denotes the novelty rate; the
number in parentheses is Novel/Total, where Novel is the number of novel functionalities and Total is the total number
of planned functionalities. Gold Projects are used as a confidence ablation for the automatic evaluation pipeline, and
per-repository detailed results are reported in Appendix E.2.
Agent
Model
Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) (Novel/Total) ↑
Pass. / Vot. (%) ↑
Files ↑
LOC ↑
Tokens ↑
MetaGPT
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
16.6
17.1
0.0 (0.0/24.8)
0.0 (0.0/32.7)
4.5 / 10.2
3.2 / 9.4
2.3
8.5
225.3
326.5
2180.3
3369.3
ChatDev
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
18.3
22.1
9.2 (3.0/32.8)
3.9 (1.5/38.3)
2.6 / 10.5
6.9 / 11.6
5.8
6.3
410.3
540.7
4458
5422.2
OpenHands
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
22.0
21.7
0.3 (0.1/36.5)
0.0 (0.0/33.7)
5.1 / 16.9
5.8 / 11.2
9.8
8.3
292.2
458.0
2712.8
4778.3
Paper2Code
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
21.7
30.2
5.2 (2.1/40.0)
5.5 (4.0/73.8)
6.0 / 15.8
4.9 / 15.9
7.2
8.8
547.7
1365.2
5920.8
14,555.0
Codex CLI
Gemini CLI
Claude Code CLI
o3 pro
gemini 2.5 pro
claude 4 sonnet
28.4
42.0
54.2
0.0 (0.0/48.5)
0.6 (0.8/132.7)
6.7 (41.6/621.0)
11.0 / 20.0
14.5 / 37.9
33.9 / 52.5
5.3
15.2
33.3
611.5
1484.8
10,586.7
6248.5
14,922.2
105,236.2
Gold Projects
Human Developers
-
-
81.0 / 92.0
345
97,819.7
951,614
ZeroRepo
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
81.5
75.1
13.6 (151.5/1114.2)
9.2 (108.3/1173.3)
69.7 / 75.0
57.3 / 68.0
271.5
389.0
23,977.3
36,941.0
260,761.2
445,511.8
5.2
Baselines
We compare three paradigms: (1) Multi-agent frameworks (MetaGPT [7], ChatDev [8]) assigning specialized roles for
end-to-end development; (2) Workflow-based system (Paper2Code [9]) with a fixed three-stage pipeline; (3) Terminal
agents (Codex CLI [40], Claude Code CLI [12], Gemini CLI [13], OpenHands [11]) performing natural language
editing, debugging, and multi-file reasoning. For comparability, MetaGPT, ChatDev, and Paper2Code are run with two
backbones: o3-mini [41] and Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct (Qwen3-Coder) [42]. Codex CLI, Claude Code CLI,
and Gemini CLI are evaluated with their official strongest model. We enable Terminal Agents to retrieve real-world
knowledge via web search. To ensure fairness, all runs extend to 30 iterations, with agents prompted at each step to
propose or implement functionality.
5.3
Implementation Details
We conduct 30 iterations for feature selection in Proposal-Level Graph Construction. Each function in the Code
Generation Stage undergoes up to 8 debugging iterations, with 20 localization attempts per iteration. For test failures,
we use 5-round majority voting to attribute and allow up to 20 remediation attempts for test or environment errors.

6
Main Results
RPG enables richer functionality and larger repositories. ZeroRepo demonstrates that RPG–guided planning
yields repositories of substantially greater scale, diversity, and novelty than existing approaches. On RepoCraft, it
achieves up to 81.5% coverage with o3-mini, representing a 27.3% absolute improvement over the strongest baseline
(Claude Code at 54.2%). Beyond covering the required functionality, ZeroRepo also exhibits strong innovation, attaining
novelty rates of 11–13% with over 100 new functionalities, whereas most baselines contribute fewer than 10. In terms
of repository size, ZeroRepo with Qwen3-Coder generates 36K LOC and 445K tokens, corresponding to 3.9× the
code scale of Claude Code and about 68× that of other baselines. Among these approaches, ZeroRepo is the closest
to human-developed Gold Projects, underscoring that RPG serves as the key structured representation for building
repositories that are larger, more diverse, and closer to real-world software complexity.
RPG enhances reasoning consistency and structural fidelity. Beyond scale, ZeroRepo delivers substantially higher
correctness and stability. To ensure reliability, we first validate the automatic localization and validation pipeline on
human-developed Gold Projects, where it achieves 81.0% pass rate and 92.0% voting agreement, establishing the
ceiling under our test harness. Under the same protocol, ZeroRepo attains a 69.7% pass rate with o3-mini, an absolute
improvement of 35.8% compared to the strongest baseline (Claude Code at 33.9%). These results indicate that RPG
serves as a structured reasoning representation that enforces modular boundaries and functional contracts, thereby
supporting coherent planning and yielding repositories that more faithfully realize intended specifications.
7
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
configs
scripts
general
Inputs (List…)
Skeleton
model_base.py
src
clustering
data_lifecycle
time_series
Time-indexed array
Prediction
array evaluation
Temporal features
Metrics
Processed data
Output features
data_lifecycle feature_enigeering
Reduced
Models
Cluster labels
Clustering
Model
artifacts
Base
Classes
exprimental
general
feature_enigeering
models
time_series
Kmeans
Structure:
FeatureSet
Base Class:
BaseModel
README.md
Interpretation
objects
explainability
DBSCANDetector
DBSCAN
visualization
setup.py
visualization
features
explainability
evaluation
Module
UML
DecisionTreeClaissifer
AutoencoderDetector
Code
Dependency
AutomaticFeatureSelector
AdaBoostClassifier
OneClassSVMDetector
SelectKBestFeatures
SVMClassifier
RidgeRegressor
ChiSquareFeatureSelector
RANSACRegressor
inherit
invoke
Figure 4: Illustration of dependencies in the repository generated by Qwen3-Coder on MLKit-Py, showing (1) the
repository skeleton at the folder/file level, (2) inter-module data flows, and (3) class and function dependencies.

RPG induces complex data flows and dependencies. To illustrate the capacity of RPG–guided planning for
generating complex repositories, we visualize ZeroRepo with Qwen3-Coder on the MLKit-Py task. At the file
level, RPG organizes a coherent folder hierarchy; at the module level, inter-module flows define execution pipelines
from data_lifecycle through clustering and models to evaluation; and at the function level, inheritance and
invocation edges capture intricate class interactions. These results show that RPG induces layered dependencies and
coordinated execution, enabling repositories with both structural complexity and internal coherence.

7
7.1
Analysis
Analysis of the RPG’s Scalability
RPG enables near-linear growth of repository functionalities.
A key question in repository-level generation is whether functionalities can continue to expand with iterative planning, or whether
growth quickly stagnates. To examine this, we compute the number of planned features at each iteration on RepoCraft, averaging
across 30 rounds for strong baselines (Claude Code, Gemini CLI,
Codex CLI) and for ZeroRepo. As shown in Figure 5, ZeroRepo
exhibits near-linear growth, surpassing 1,100 leaf features with
o3-mini, while natural-language–based baselines display limited
scalability: Claude Code grows steadily but with diminishing rates,
Gemini CLI increases only slowly before converging by round 30,
and Codex ceases to add features after just 4–5 iterations. These
results demonstrate that the RPG provides a persistent and extensible planning substrate, enabling high-level goals to be refined into
progressively richer functionalities. In contrast to natural-language
representations, which degrade in coherence and stagnate, RPG
sustains structural consistency and extensibility, establishing it as Figure 5: Feature comparison of ZeroRepo
a stronger representational foundation for modeling repositories (o3-mini) against strong baselines (Codex, Gemwith increasingly complex functionalities and architectures.
ini CLI, Claude Code) across iterations.

8
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
RPG ensures near-linear growth in repository size. Functional
scalability is only meaningful if it translates into executable code.
To examine this, we analyze how repository size evolves across
iterations, measured in lines of code (LOC). As shown in Figure 6,
ZeroRepo sustains near-linear growth, surpassing 30K LOC within
30 iterations. In contrast, natural-language–based baselines stagnate: Claude Code and Gemini CLI plateau around 3–4K LOC,
while Codex remains below 1K LOC. This divergence reflects
a fundamental representational gap. Natural language planning
rapidly accumulates inconsistencies across iterations, leading to
fragmented specifications that fail to translate into coherent code.
In contrast, the RPG maintains a persistent, extensible structure in
which proposed functionalities are grounded in explicit modules,
interfaces, and data flows. This grounding ensures that planned
expansions are consistently realized as executable code, producing
repositories that grow not only in size but also in organizational Figure 6: Scaling behavior of total lines of code
coherence. These results highlight the RPG’s ability to sustain across iteration steps on MLKit-Py
repository scaling in both volume and integrity, positioning it as a
robust representational basis for long-horizon code generation.
7.2
Analysis of RPG’s Stability and Innovation Potential
RPG supports comprehensive and extensible functionality. A
central challenge in repository-level generation is ensuring repos- Table 3: Coverage and Novelty of the Constructed
itories not only satisfy user-specified requirements but also extend RPG over Iterations on MLKit-Py (o3-mini)
beyond them coherently. As shown in Table 3, ZeroRepo steadily
increases coverage from 70.2% at 5 iterations to nearly 96% at 30,
Iteration Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) ↑
far surpassing baselines below 60% (Table 2). Simultaneously, it
5
70.2
4.6 (15.3/336.1)
maintains novelty, reaching 8% with over 100 additional features,
10
80.9
5.4 (29.01/542.0)
whereas baselines contribute fewer than 50. These results suggest
15
83.0
4.9 (39.0/796.0)
that RPG functions as a persistent planning substrate, enabling
20
85.1
5.2 (51.0/981.0)
repositories to achieve comprehensive coverage while supporting
87.2
7.0 (73.5/1043.0)
principled growth beyond reference implementations. Represen- 25
tative examples in Appendix E.3 validate that RPG sustains co- 30 (ours)
95.7
7.9 (99.4/1258.0)
herence in both coverage allocation and novel feature proposals.
7.3
Analysis of Graph-Guided Localization
Graph guidance accelerates agent localization. We evaluate
the impact of RPG guidance by comparing localization steps with Table 4: Ablation of Graph-Guided Localization
and without graph support (Table 4). Across Integration Testing on MLKit-Py (o3-mini). Steps (mean ± SD).
(Int. Test.), Incremental Development (Incr. Dev.), and Debugging “wo/Graph” denotes ZeroRepo without Graph.
(Debug.), graph-guided search reduces effort by 30–50%. This
demonstrates that RPG equips agents with a principled navigation
Category
IntTest
IncDev
Debug
mechanism, enabling faster dependency tracing, more accurate
bug localization, and smoother module integration, thereby im- ZeroRepo
6.2 ± 2.1 6.8 ± 1.8 5.8 ± 2.8
proving repository development efficiency. Compared to natural
w/o
Graph
13.3
± 11.1 10.8 ± 2.6 8.5 ± 2.9
language, RPG offers a global structural representation of the repository, enabling agents to localize targets from a functionality-wide
perspective and accelerating the development cycle.

8
Conclusion
In this paper, we presented the Repository Planning Graph (RPG), a structured representation that unifies proposaland implementation-level planning for repository generation. Built on RPG, we introduced ZeroRepo, a graph-driven
framework that achieves state-of-the-art coverage, correctness, and scalability on the RepoCraft benchmark. Our
analyses show that RPG models complex dependencies, enables progressively more sophisticated planning through
near-linear scaling of functionality and code size, and improves agents’ repository understanding, thereby accelerating
localization. These results highlight the potential of graph-based representations as a foundation for advancing
long-horizon and large-scale repository generation.
9
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
References
[1] Qihao Zhu, Daya Guo, Zhihong Shao, Dejian Yang, Peiyi Wang, Runxin Xu, Y Wu, Yukun Li, Huazuo Gao,
Shirong Ma, et al. Deepseek-coder-v2: Breaking the barrier of closed-source models in code intelligence. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2406.11931, 2024.
[2] Yaoxiang Wang, Haoling Li, Xin Zhang, Jie Wu, Xiao Liu, Wenxiang Hu, Zhongxin Guo, Yangyu Huang, Ying
Xin, Yujiu Yang, et al. Epicoder: Encompassing diversity and complexity in code generation. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2501.04694, 2025.
[3] Yifei Liu, Li Lyna Zhang, Yi Zhu, Bingcheng Dong, Xudong Zhou, Ning Shang, Fan Yang, and Mao Yang. rstarcoder: Scaling competitive code reasoning with a large-scale verified dataset. arXiv preprint arXiv:2505.21297,
2025.
[4] Huaye Zeng, Dongfu Jiang, Haozhe Wang, Ping Nie, Xiaotong Chen, and Wenhu Chen. Acecoder: Acing coder rl
via automated test-case synthesis. arXiv preprint arXiv:2502.01718, 2025.
[5] Hongyuan Tao, Ying Zhang, Zhenhao Tang, Hongen Peng, Xukun Zhu, Bingchang Liu, Yingguang Yang, Ziyin
Zhang, Zhaogui Xu, Haipeng Zhang, et al. Code graph model (cgm): A graph-integrated large language model for
repository-level software engineering tasks. arXiv preprint arXiv:2505.16901, 2025.
[6] Haiyang Li. Mrg-bench: Evaluating and exploring the requirements of context for repository-level code generation.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2508.02998, 2025.
[7] Sirui Hong, Xiawu Zheng, Jonathan Chen, Yuheng Cheng, Jinlin Wang, Ceyao Zhang, Zili Wang, Steven Ka Shing
Yau, Zijuan Lin, Liyang Zhou, et al. Metagpt: Meta programming for multi-agent collaborative framework. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2308.00352, 3(4):6, 2023.
[8] Chen Qian, Wei Liu, Hongzhang Liu, Nuo Chen, Yufan Dang, Jiahao Li, Cheng Yang, Weize Chen, Yusheng Su,
Xin Cong, et al. Chatdev: Communicative agents for software development. arXiv preprint arXiv:2307.07924,
2023.
[9] Minju Seo, Jinheon Baek, Seongyun Lee, and Sung Ju Hwang. Paper2code: Automating code generation from
scientific papers in machine learning. arXiv preprint arXiv:2504.17192, 2025.
[10] Zijie Lin, Yiqing Shen, Qilin Cai, He Sun, Jinrui Zhou, and Mingjun Xiao. Autop2c: An llm-based agent framework for code repository generation from multimodal content in academic papers. arXiv preprint arXiv:2504.20115,
2025.
[11] Xingyao Wang, Boxuan Li, Yufan Song, Frank F Xu, Xiangru Tang, Mingchen Zhuge, Jiayi Pan, Yueqi Song,
Bowen Li, Jaskirat Singh, et al. Openhands: An open platform for ai software developers as generalist agents.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2407.16741, 2024.
[12] Anthropic. Claude code: agentic coding command-line tool, 2025. URL https://www.anthropic.com/
claude-code.
[13] Google. Gemini cli: Open-source ai agent for developer terminals, June 2025. Accessed: 2025-07-22.
[14] Evan Wang, Federico Cassano, Catherine Wu, Yunfeng Bai, Will Song, Vaskar Nath, Ziwen Han, Sean Hendryx,
Summer Yue, and Hugh Zhang. Planning in natural language improves llm search for code generation. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2409.03733, 2024.
[15] Maciej Besta, Nils Blach, Ales Kubicek, Robert Gerstenberger, Michal Podstawski, Lukas Gianinazzi, Joanna
Gajda, Tomasz Lehmann, Hubert Niewiadomski, Piotr Nyczyk, et al. Graph of thoughts: Solving elaborate
problems with large language models. In Proceedings of the AAAI conference on artificial intelligence, volume 38,
pages 17682–17690, 2024.
[16] Haotian Sun, Yuchen Zhuang, Lingkai Kong, Bo Dai, and Chao Zhang. Adaplanner: Adaptive planning from
feedback with language models. Advances in neural information processing systems, 36:58202–58245, 2023.
[17] Yueheng Zhu, Chao Liu, Xuan He, Xiaoxue Ren, Zhongxin Liu, Ruwei Pan, and Hongyu Zhang. Adacoder: An
adaptive planning and multi-agent framework for function-level code generation. arXiv preprint arXiv:2504.04220,
2025.
[18] Amr Almorsi, Mohanned Ahmed, and Walid Gomaa. Guided code generation with llms: A multi-agent framework
for complex code tasks. In 2024 12th International Japan-Africa Conference on Electronics, Communications,
and Computations (JAC-ECC), pages 215–218. IEEE, 2024.
[19] Nazmus Ashrafi, Salah Bouktif, and Mohammed Mediani. Enhancing llm code generation: A systematic evaluation
of multi-agent collaboration and runtime debugging for improved accuracy, reliability, and latency. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2505.02133, 2025.
10
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
[20] OpenAI. Gpt-4o system card. arXiv preprint arXiv:2410.21276, 2024. URL https://arXiv.org/abs/2410.
21276.
[21] Anthropic. Introducing claude 4, May 2025. URL https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-4.
[22] Gemini Team. Gemini 2.5: Pushing the frontier with advanced reasoning, multimodality, long context, and next
generation agentic capabilities, June 2025. URL https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/
gemini/gemini_v2_5_report.pdf.
[23] Daya Guo, Dejian Yang, Haowei Zhang, Junxiao Song, Ruoyu Zhang, Runxin Xu, Qihao Zhu, Shirong Ma, Peiyi
Wang, Xiao Bi, et al. Deepseek-r1: Incentivizing reasoning capability in llms via reinforcement learning. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2501.12948, 2025.
[24] Muhammad Nouman Zafar, Wasif Afzal, and Eduard Enoiu. Evaluating system-level test generation for industrial
software: A comparison between manual, combinatorial and model-based testing. In Proceedings of the 3rd
ACM/IEEE international conference on automation of software test, pages 148–159, 2022.
[25] Arghavan Moradi Dakhel, Amin Nikanjam, Vahid Majdinasab, Foutse Khomh, and Michel C Desmarais. Effective
test generation using pre-trained large language models and mutation testing. Information and Software Technology,
171:107468, 2024.
[26] Dhruv Gautam, Spandan Garg, Jinu Jang, Neel Sundaresan, and Roshanak Zilouchian Moghaddam. Refactorbench:
Evaluating stateful reasoning in language agents through code. arXiv preprint arXiv:2503.07832, 2025.
[27] Carlos E Jimenez, John Yang, Alexander Wettig, Shunyu Yao, Kexin Pei, Ofir Press, and Karthik Narasimhan.
Swe-bench: Can language models resolve real-world github issues? arXiv preprint arXiv:2310.06770, 2023.
[28] Binyuan Hui, Jian Yang, Zeyu Cui, Jiaxi Yang, Dayiheng Liu, Lei Zhang, Tianyu Liu, Jiajun Zhang, Bowen Yu,
Keming Lu, et al. Qwen2. 5-coder technical report. arXiv preprint arXiv:2409.12186, 2024.
[29] Jianwen Luo, Yiming Huang, Jinxiang Meng, Fangyu Lei, Shizhu He, Xiao Liu, Shanshan Jiang, Bin Dong,
Jun Zhao, and Kang Liu. Gate: Graph-based adaptive tool evolution across diverse tasks. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2502.14848, 2025.
[30] Qingyun Wu, Gagan Bansal, Jieyu Zhang, Yiran Wu, Beibin Li, Erkang Zhu, Li Jiang, Xiaoyun Zhang, Shaokun
Zhang, Jiale Liu, et al. Autogen: Enabling next-gen llm applications via multi-agent conversations. In First
Conference on Language Modeling, 2024.
[31] OpenAI. Introducing codex: a cloud-based software engineering agent, 2025. URL https://openai.com/
index/introducing-codex/.
[32] Google. Gemini cli: your open-source ai agent, 2025. URL https://blog.google/technology/
developers/introducing-gemini-cli-open-source-ai-agent/.
[33] Karthik Valmeekam, Sarath Sreedharan, Matthew Marquez, Alberto Olmo, and Subbarao Kambhampati. On the
planning abilities of large language models (a critical investigation with a proposed benchmark). arXiv preprint
arXiv:2302.06706, 2023.
[34] Ma’ayan Armony, Albert Meroño-Peñuela, and Gerard Canal. How far are llms from symbolic planners? an
nlp-based perspective. arXiv preprint arXiv:2508.01300, 2025.
[35] Linghao Zhang, Shilin He, Chaoyun Zhang, Yu Kang, Bowen Li, Chengxing Xie, Junhao Wang, Maoquan Wang,
Yufan Huang, Shengyu Fu, et al. Swe-bench goes live! arXiv preprint arXiv:2505.23419, 2025.
[36] Wei Li, Xin Zhang, Zhongxin Guo, Shaoguang Mao, Wen Luo, Guangyue Peng, Yangyu Huang, Houfeng
Wang, and Scarlett Li. Fea-bench: A benchmark for evaluating repository-level code generation for feature
implementation. arXiv preprint arXiv:2503.06680, 2025.
[37] Yiming Huang, Jianwen Luo, Yan Yu, Yitong Zhang, Fangyu Lei, Yifan Wei, Shizhu He, Lifu Huang, Xiao Liu,
Jun Zhao, et al. Da-code: Agent data science code generation benchmark for large language models. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2410.07331, 2024.
[38] Wenting Zhao, Nan Jiang, Celine Lee, Justin T Chiu, Claire Cardie, Matthias Gallé, and Alexander M Rush.
Commit0: Library generation from scratch. arXiv preprint arXiv:2412.01769, 2024.
[39] Giulio Starace, Oliver Jaffe, Dane Sherburn, James Aung, Jun Shern Chan, Leon Maksin, Rachel Dias, Evan
Mays, Benjamin Kinsella, Wyatt Thompson, et al. Paperbench: Evaluating ai’s ability to replicate ai research.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2504.01848, 2025.
[40] OpenAI. Codex cli: Local-first terminal ai coding agent. https://openai.com/introducing-codex, April
2025. Launched April 15, 2025 as an open-source CLI coding agent that executes commands locally :contentReference[oaicite:1]index=1.
11
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
[41] OpenAI. Openai o3-mini reasoning model. System Card and official release (OpenAI), 2025. URL https:
//openai.com/index/openai-o3-mini/. Released January 31, 2025. Accessed: 2025-07-28.
[42] Qwen Team. Qwen3 technical report, 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2505.09388.

12
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
A
Appendix of Proposal-Level Graph Construction
The construction of the RPG is central to our framework, as it transforms high-level repository goals into a structured
and persistent representation. The process starts with carefully designed prompting strategies for selecting repositoryrelevant functionalities from the global feature ontology, followed by iterative refinement to ensure both semantic
coverage and modular coherence.
A.1
Algorithms of Functionality Graph Construction
Algorithm 1 Feature Sampling with Diversity-Aware Rejection Sampling
Require: Root node R; frequency library F ; temperature t; per-tree sample size S; overlap threshold ρ; maximum
number of retries Tmax
1: function BASE S AMPLE(R, F, t, S)
2:
selected_set ← ∅
3:
for s = 1 to S do
4:
C ← GET _ CHILDREN(R)
5:
if C = ∅ then
6:
break
7:
end if
8:
fi ← F [i]P
for all i ∈ C
9:
pi ← fi / j∈C fj for all i ∈ C
10:
qi ← T EMP T RANSFORM(pi , t) for all i ∈ C
11:
cur_node ← SAMPLE _ NODE(C, [q1 , q2 , . . . ])
12:
selected_set.ADD(cur_node)
13:
R ← cur_node
▷ move root downward for next step
14:
end for
15:
return selected_set
16: end function
17: function R EJECT S AMPLE(R, F, t, S, ρ, Tmax )
18:
best_T ← ∅; best_ovl ← +∞
19:
T⋆ ← ∅
20:
for τ = 1 to Tmax do
21:
Tcand ← BASE S AMPLE(R, F, t, S)
22:
ovl ← OVERLAP(Tcand , Sseen )
23:
if ovl < best_ovl then
24:
best_ovl ← ovl; best_T ← Tcand
25:
end if
26:
if ovl ≤ ρ then
27:
T ⋆ ← Tcand
28:
break
29:
end if
30:
end for
31:
if T ⋆ = ∅ then
32:
T ⋆ ← best_T
33:
end if
34:
return T ⋆
35: end function
▷ retry up to Tmax times
▷ sample a candidate tree
▷ compute overlap with seen nodes
▷ update best candidate so far
▷ accept immediately if overlap ≤ threshold
▷ fallback: choose least-overlap candidate
▷ return the final selected tree
Rejection Sampling Algorithm We extend the base sampling strategy introduced in E PI C ODER [2] by incorporating
a diversity-aware rejection mechanism, as shown in Algorithm 1. At each step, a candidate tree is accepted only if its
overlap with previously sampled nodes is below a specified threshold; otherwise, the tree with the minimal overlap is
returned. This encourages broader feature space exploration under a limited number of sampling iterations.
Repository-Aligned Subtree Selection Algorithm 2 outlines the procedure for constructing a repository-specific
feature subtree from a global feature tree. The algorithm iteratively selects candidate features based on a combination of
exploitation (retrieving top-scoring nodes) and exploration (sampling unvisited nodes). At each iteration, an LLM agent
13
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
filters and ranks candidates, proposes missing but relevant features, and performs batch-level self-checks to ensure
internal consistency. Accepted candidates are incorporated into the current subtree, and the process continues until a
fixed iteration budget is reached. The resulting subtree captures features most relevant to the target repository while
balancing coverage and quality.
Algorithm 2 Repository-Specific Subtree Selection
Require: Global Feature Tree T ; Repo description R; iteration budget K; top-k; termination threshold τ ; batch size
B; LLM
Ensure: Repository-specific subtree T ′
1: Initialize current repo tree T ′ ← ∅; missing features Cmissing ← ∅; visited set V ← ∅
2: for k = 1 . . . K do
▷ iterate with given budget
3:
Eexploit ← R ETRIEVE T OP K(T , R, k = top-k)
▷ select promising nodes (exploit)
4:
Eexplore ← S AMPLE U NVISITED(T , V)
▷ sample unexplored nodes (explore)
5:
// Candidate selection via LLM
6:
Cexploit ← LLM.S ELECT E XPLOIT C ANDIDATES(Eexploit , T ′ , R)
▷ filter exploit candidates
7:
8:
9:
10:
Cexplore ← LLM.S ELECT E XPLORE C ANDIDATES(Eexplore , T ′ , R)
Cmissing ← Cmissing ∪ LLM.P ROPOSE M ISSING(T ′ , R)
Craw ← Cexploit ∪ Cexplore ∪ Cmissing
// Batch self-check (filter useful paths within each batch)
11:
for all batch B ⊆ Craw with |B| ≤ B do
12:
B ⋆ ← LLM.SELFCHECK(T ′ , B)
13:
T ′ ← I NSERT PATHS(T ′ , B ⋆ )
14:
V ←V ∪B
15:
end for
16: end for
17: return T ′
▷ filter explore candidates
▷ generate novel candidates not in tree
▷ merge all candidate sources
▷ process in small batches
▷ accept only consistent/relevant paths
▷ expand repo-specific tree
▷ mark all evaluated paths as visited
▷ return final subtree
Repository Subtree Reorganization into the functionality graph The algorithm operates in three stages to refactor
subtree. In the first stage, an LLM agent iteratively extracts features from the input, organizing them into subgraphs
until sufficient coverage of leaf nodes is reached. In the second stage, the agent reorganizes subgraphs by merging
semantically related components or moving branches across groups to improve structure. Finally, each subgraph is
refined to ensure naming consistency and hierarchical coherence, yielding a clean, interpretable functionality graph.
A.2
Detailed Construction Process
Global Feature Tree The global feature tree consists of
more than one million nodes across seven hierarchical levels
(Table 5), reflecting a broad and diverse functional knowledge base. Nevertheless, the distribution of features across
Level-1 categories is highly skewed (Figure 8). In particular,
the data processing branch dominates the tree, while many
other categories contain only a small number of nodes, resulting in a pronounced long-tail distribution. Such bias is
inherent to real-world software ecosystems, where data processing utilities are disproportionately prevalent compared
to specialized functionalities. As a consequence, constructing a repository-specific RPG requires large-scale filtering
and reorganization in order to extract the most relevant fea- Figure 8: Distribution of feature counts under Level-1
tures and mitigate the imbalance of the global distribution. categories in the global feature tree.
Model-Specific Growth Patterns Beyond the two traces
in Fig. 7. Concretely, qwen3-coder exhibits the most open expansion, with a linear increase in leaf counts—maximizing
coverage early but with a higher risk of admitting loosely related features. o3-mini follows with a moderately
aggressive trajectory, striking a balance between breadth and relevance. Together, these curves delineate points on the
recall–precision spectrum of subtree selection strategies matched to repository needs.
14
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Figure 7: Evolution of Feature Tree Leaf Counts over Iterations Across Repositories, Highlighting the Differences
Between qwen3 coder and o3-mini
Table 5: Statistics of the global feature tree across hierarchical levels, with representative examples from each level.
Level
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
#Elements
17
1,527
21,739
113,348
613,311
33,801
781
Examples
functionality, data structures, data processing
text processing, process monitoring, create flowchart
heap allocation, dayjs, affine transformation
update record by ID, automated versioning, M5 Model Tree
add vertices, angular velocity, find minimum by group, mark outlier data
min with inclusion, multiple with keyword
validate against thesaurus, swipe event detection
From Global to Repository-Specific Distributions The comparison between the global feature tree (Fig.8) and
the final repository-specific profiles (Figs.10) highlights the transformative effect of model-guided reorganization.
While the global tree is dominated by generic categories such as data processing and user interaction, the
restructured graphs consistently downweight these high-frequency but less discriminative categories and elevate
domain-relevant branches to the foreground. This shift effectively counteracts the inherent long-tail bias of the global
ontology, redistributing feature density toward categories that better capture repository semantics. As a result, the
constructed graphs are not only semantically sharper but also more functionally coherent with respect to the target
domain. Between models, qwen3-coder favors broad coverage with slower convergence and higher variance, whereas
o3-mini achieves a more balanced trade-off between generality and specificity. Together, these contrasting tendencies
illustrate complementary strategies along the recall–precision spectrum, offering flexibility in matching feature selection
to downstream repository needs.
Final Graph Structures The final RPGs (Figure 11a, 11b) reveal how repository-specific functionalities are consolidated into coherent modular organizations. Compared to the more diffuse subtree distributions, the resulting graphs
exhibit a markedly skewed allocation of functionalities across subgraphs: a small number of core subgraphs absorb the
majority of features, while peripheral subgraphs remain lightweight. This reflects a natural modularization process,
where dominant clusters correspond to central repository capabilities and minor clusters capture auxiliary or specialized
functions. Between models, the partitioning strategies diverge: qwen3-coder produces a larger number of medium-sized
subgraphs, favoring breadth and parallel coverage; whereas o3-mini yields a more balanced distribution, with several
15
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Figure 9: Final distribution of feature counts across subtrees for all repositories under o3-mini. The figure shows how
features are reorganized after the iterative construction process, reflecting the model’s preference in balancing breadth
and precision.

subgraphs of comparable size anchoring distinct semantic roles. These differences indicate that model-driven reorganization not only mitigates the global ontology’s long-tail bias but also shapes the granularity of modular decomposition,
thereby influencing how functional responsibilities are distributed within the generated graph.
A.3
Prompt Template
Parts of Prompt Templates for Exploit–Explore Strategy in Subtree Selection
Prompt for Exploitation Paths
You are a GitHub project assistant responsible for expanding a repository’s feature tree through path-based
modifications to ensure alignment with the project’s goals.
In each response, you will be given:
- An Exploit Feature Tree: A curated subset of high-relevance feature paths.
- The Current Repository Feature Tree.
When returning selected paths, always use ‘"path/to/feature"‘ format with ‘/‘ as the separator.
Objective (excerpt)
Expand the Repository Feature Tree so it: 1. Aligns with the repository’s purpose and scope.
2. Achieves broad coverage across functional areas.
3. Ensures essential capabilities are represented.
4. Identify and fill critical gaps. . . .
Selection Principles (excerpt)
- Select exclusively from the Exploit Feature Tree.
- Include all non-duplicated, useful paths.

16
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Figure 10: Final distribution of feature counts across subtrees for all repositories under qwen3-coder. The figure shows
how features are reorganized after the iterative construction process, reflecting the model’s preference in balancing
breadth and precision.

- Maintain structural balance by covering underrepresented modules.
...
Exclusions (excerpt)
Skip generic infra (e.g., logging, configuration) and abstract goals (e.g., “optimize CPU usage”).
Response Format
Respond only with a Thought and an Action.
<think>
Reason about relevance and gaps in the Exploit Tree. </think>
<action>
{
"all_selected_feature_paths": [
"path/to/feature", ...
]
}
</action>
Prompt for Exploration Paths
You are a GitHub project assistant responsible for expanding a repository’s feature tree through path-based
modifications to ensure alignment with the project’s goals.
In each response, you will be given:
- A Sampled Feature Tree (Exploration Tree).
- The Current Repository Feature Tree.
When returning selected paths, always use ‘"path/to/feature"‘ format with ‘/‘ as the separator.
Objective (excerpt)
17
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
(a) o3-mini
(b) qwen3-coder
Figure 11: Leaf node counts distribution across feature subgraphs in each repository RPG, reorganized by different
models.

Improve and expand the Repository Feature Tree so that it: - Aligns with the repository’s purpose and usage
scenarios.
- Achieves comprehensive coverage of core and supporting areas.
...
Selection Principles (excerpt)
- Select only from the Exploration Tree.
- Include actionable, domain-relevant features.
- Skip paths already present in the current Repository Tree.
- Slight over-inclusion is acceptable.
...

18
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Exclusions (excerpt)
Do not select generic infra (e.g., logging, config) or large-scale features (e.g., cloud integrations).
Response Format
Respond only with a single <think> and <action> block.
<think>
Explain how each Exploration Tree path was evaluated and why it was included or excluded.
</think>
<action>
{ "all_selected_feature_paths": [ "path/to/feature", ... ] }
</action>
Parts for Prompt Template for Retrieving Missing Features
Instruction You are a GitHub project assistant tasked with designing a functionally complete, production-grade
repository.
Your goal is to identify and recommend missing functional capabilities or algorithms that the project should
include, based on its real-world purpose, scope, and domain expectations.
Focus on intended functionality — not the existing Feature Tree, which may be incomplete.
Objective (excerpt)
Identify groups of functionally concrete features that: 1. Align with the repository’s domain and purpose.
2. Are entirely missing or only superficially represented.
3. Are specific and implementable (e.g., functions, classes, modules, algorithms).
Inclusion Criteria (excerpt)
- Must be code-level operations (computation, transformation, algorithm, evaluation).
- Realistically implementable within the repository’s scope.
- Both standard and advanced algorithms are allowed.
Exclusion Criteria (excerpt)
Do not include abstract intentions (e.g., “improve accuracy”), generic infra (e.g., logging, connectors), placeholders, or duplicates.
Naming Rules (excerpt)
- Use 3–5 lowercase words, separated by spaces.
- Each leaf node must describe a concrete algorithm or behavior.
- Avoid vague terms, camelCase, or snake_case.
Structure Guidelines (excerpt)
- Organize into logical hierarchies (up to 4–5 levels).
- Reflect computational architecture, not documentation taxonomy.
Response Format Respond with ONLY a <think> and <action> block:
<think>
Reason about functional domains, workflows, and algorithms that are missing from the current Feature Tree but
expected in real-world use.
</think>
<action>
{ "missing_features": { "root node": { "child node 1": [ "leaf feature 1", "leaf feature 2" ], "child node 2": [
"leaf feature 3", "leaf feature 4" ] } } }
</action>
B
Appendix of Implementation-Level Graph Construction
This section illustrates how the RPG is enriched with file organization and function design to form concrete code
structures.
19
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
B.1
Prompt Template for Implementation-Level Graph Construction
We provide the prompt templates that guide the transformation from graph subtrees into modular code skeletons.
Prompt
You are a system architect tasked with designing the inter-subtree data flow for a Python software repository.
Your goal is to define how data moves between functional modules (subtrees) — including who produces it,
who consumes it, and how it is transformed — and express this as a structured, directed graph.
## Data Flow
### Format
[ { "from": "<source subtree name>", "to": "<target subtree name>", "data_id": "<unique name or description
of the data>", "data_type": "<type or structure of the data>", "transformation": "<summary of what happens
to the data, if anything>" }, ... ]
### Validity & Structural Constraints
2. Full Connectivity Required
- Every subtree listed in {trees_names} must appear in at least one edge.
- No subtree should be isolated or unused.
3. Acyclic Structure
- The data flow must form a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG):
4. Field Guidelines
- ‘data_id‘: Use unique, descriptive names to identify each data exchange.
- ‘data_type‘: Use precise and interpretable types to describe the structure, format, or abstract role of the data
being passed.
- ‘transformation‘: Describe how the data is modified, filtered, enriched, or combined. If unchanged, say
‘"none"‘.
...
## Output Format
<solution>
[ { "from": "...", "to": "...", "data_id": "...", "data_type": "...", "transformation": "..." }, ... ] </solution>
Parts of Prompt Templates for Raw Skeleton Mapping
You are a repository architect responsible for designing the initial project structure of a software repository in
its early development stage. Your task is to design a clean, modular file system skeleton that organizes the
repository into appropriate top-level folders based on these subtrees.
## Requirements
1. The folder structure must clearly separate each functional subtree and reflect logical domain boundaries.
2. Folder names must be concise, meaningful, and follow Python conventions (e.g., ‘snake_case‘). Names
should feel natural and developer-friendly.
3. Folder names do not need to match subtree names exactly.
- Treat subtree names as functional labels.
- Rename folders as needed for clarity and convention, while preserving the correct mapping.
- When assigning a subtree to a folder, include the exact subtree name in the mapping (e.g., ‘"ml_models":
["Machine Learning"]‘).
4. You may choose a flat structure (all folders at root level) or a nested structure (e.g., under ‘src‘), depending
on what best supports clarity, organization, and practical use.
5. Include commonly used auxiliary folders as appropriate.
6. The proposed structure should balance clarity, scalability, and maintainability. Avoid unnecessary complexity
or excessive nesting.
...
## Output Format
20
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Return a single JSON-style nested object representing the repository folder structure:
- ‘"folder_name": ["Subtree Name"]‘ means this folder is assigned to a specific subtree. The name in the list
must match exactly what appears in the given list of subtrees.
- ‘"folder_name": []‘ means the folder exists but does not correspond to a specific subtree (e.g., utility or support
folders).
- ‘"file_name.ext": null‘ indicates the presence of a file. File content is not required.
Prompt for Mapping Feature Paths to Python Skeleton Files
You are a repository architect tasked with incrementally assigning all remaining leaf-level features from a
functional subtree into the repository’s file structure. This is an iterative process, You are not expected to
assign all features at once — each round should make clear, meaningful progress. Your ultimate goal is a
production-grade file organization that evolves cleanly and logically over time.
## Context
In each iteration, you will receive:
- A list of unassigned leaf features (each is a full path like ‘"a/b/c"‘).
- A designated functional folder under which all new paths must begin.
- A partial skeleton showing the current structure (existing assignments are hidden).
Assign the remaining features to ‘.py‘ file paths that:
- Begin with the designated folder.
- Group semantically related features together.
- Reflect how real developers would modularize logic in a production Python codebase. - Prefer organizing
major functional categories into subfolders when appropriate.
### File & Folder Structure
- Group features by functionality into logically meaningful modules that reflect real-world development practice.
- Avoid bundling many unrelated features into a single file
- If a folder contains 10 or more files, introduce subfolders based on semantic structure (e.g., ‘format/‘, ‘client/‘,
‘csv/‘) to keep directories manageable.
### Naming & Organization Guidelines
...
### Examples
...
## Output Format
You must structure your response in two clearly separated blocks, each wrapped with the appropriate tags:
<think>
Explain how you grouped the features into logically coherent modules with clean file and folder structure.
Describe how your choices improve clarity, minimize clutter, and reflect good design principles.
</think>
<solution>
{ "<path to file1.py>": [ "feature1", "feature2" ], "<path to file2.py>": [ "feature3" ] } </solution>
Prompt for Converting Subgraphs into Base Classes
You are an expert software engineer tasked with designing reusable abstractions and shared data structures for a
Python codebase.
...
## Base Class Output Format
You must return your design as a set of code blocks grouped by target subtree and file:
## General
### path/to/file.py
“‘python
...
“‘
21
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
...
## <Subtree Name>
### path/to/file.py
“‘python
...
“‘
</solution>
## Design Strategy
Abstractions must follow system structure and dataflow analysis, not mechanical repetition.
- Shared Data Structures: define for nodes with high out-degree (outputs consumed widely). Good candidates
are feature batches, inference results, or training containers. Create a global type only when field names, data
types, and usage context are stable and consistent.
- Functional Base Classes: define for nodes with high in-degree (consuming many inputs). Use when multiple
modules share roles (e.g., cleaning, predicting), follow common lifecycles (‘run()‘, ‘build()‘, ‘validate()‘), or
rely on similar hooks.
- Principles:
- Avoid speculative abstractions.
- Prefer fewer, well-justified classes (typically 1–3 globally).
- Capture structural commonality that aids extensibility and coordination.
...
## Output Formate
Wrap your entire output in two blocks:
<think>
...
</think>
<solution>
## SubtreeA
### path/to/file.py
“‘python
...
“‘
...
</solution>
Prompt for Mapping Feature Paths to Interfaces
You are designing modular interfaces for a large-scale Python system. You are given repository context:
overview, tree structure, skeleton, data flow, base classes, upstream interfaces, target subtree, and target file.
### Objective
- For each feature, define exactly one interface (function or class).
- Provide imports, signature, and detailed docstring (purpose, args, returns, assumptions).
- No implementation: use ‘pass‘.
- One interface per block.
### Design Guidelines
- Function: simple, atomic, stateless.
- Class: stateful, multiple methods, inherits base class, or extensible.
- Prefer fewer, well-justified abstractions.
- Group only tightly related features.
- Use global abstractions sparingly.
### Output Format
Use two blocks:
<think>
reasoning
</think>
<solution>
22
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
design_itfs_for_feature(features=["feature/path", ...]):
“‘python
# One interface (function or class) with docstring and pass
“‘
</solution>
B.2
Case of Built Skeleton and Designed Interfaces
We present the skeleton generated by o3-mini, together with the mapping between the generated skeleton and the
nodes of machine learning algorithms. In addition, we illustrate one or two designed base classes as well as concrete
functions or classes.
Repository Skeleton
src /
algorithms /
advanced /
enhancements /
general_enhancements /
__init__ . py
a c t i v e _ l e a r n i n g _ s t r a t e g i e s . py
c l a s s i f i c a t i o n _ c l u s t e r i n g _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py
m i s c _ g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py
o p t i m i z a t i o n _ a n d _ m e t a _ l e a r n i n g . py
r e g r e s s i o n _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py
__init__ . py
extended_techniques /
ex t e n d e d _ m e t h o d s /
__init__ . py
i n t e r p o l a t i o n _ a n d _ m o d e l _ l e a r n i n g . py
v a l i d a t i o n _ a n d _ c l u s t e r i n g . py
new_models /
__init__ . py
n e w _ m o d e l _ t e c h n i q u e s . py
n e w _ m o d e l _ t e c h n i q u e s _ a d d i t i o n a l . py
__init__ . py
baselines . py
supplemental_algorithms /
__init__ . py
a d v a n c e d _ c l u s t e r i n g _ a n d _ d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ m e t h o d s . py
a d v a n c e d _ t o k e n i z a t i o n _ a n d _ p e r c e p t r o n . py
c l a s s i f i c a t i o n _ a n d _ f e a t u r e _ i m p o r t a n c e _ m e t h o d s . py
d i v e r s e _ a l g o r i t h m i c _ m e t h o d s . py
e n s e m b l e _ e v a l u a t i o n _ a n d _ a n o m a l y _ d e t e c t i o n . py
m e t a _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
m o d e l _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
n u m e r i c a l _ i n t e r p o l a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
r e g r e s s i o n _ a n d _ s v m _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
s p l i n e _ i n t e r p o l a t i o n _ a n d _ a d j u s t e d _ c l a s s i f i e r s . py
s v m _ e n s e m b l e _ a n d _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
t o k e n i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
__init__ . py
ensemble_tree /
boos t i n g _ b a g g i n g /
boosting /
__init__ . py
b o o s t i n g _ a d v a n c e d _ f e a t u r e s . py
b o o s t i n g _ a l g o r i t h m s . py
b o o s t i n g _ p a r a m e t e r _ t u n i n g . py
sta ck i ng _ vo ti n g /
__init__ . py
primary . py
secondary . py
__init__ . py
bagging . py
gr a d i e n t _ b o o s t i n g . py
decision_ trees /
__init__ . py
g r a d i e n t _ b o o s t i n g _ t r e e . py
id3 . py
post_pruning . py
random_forest . py
reg re s si o n_ tr e e . py
23
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
__init__ . py
regression /
linear_models /
__init__ . py
lasso . py
mul ti p le _ li ne a r . py
polynomial . py
simple_linear . py
__init__ . py
e l a s t i c _ n e t _ r e g r e s s i o n . py
ridg e _ c l a s s i f i e r . py
supervised /
classific ation /
logistic /
__init__ . py
cost . py
optimization . py
sigmoid . py
__init__ . py
decision_tree . py
knearest . py
naive_bayes . py
sup port_v ector . py
__init__ . py
unsupervised /
clustering /
__init__ . py
a d v a n c e d _ c l u s t e r i n g . py
kmeans . py
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ c l u s t e r i n g . py
dimensionality_reduction /
__init__ . py
extended_dr . py
kernel_pca . py
pca . py
__init__ . py
__init__ . py
core /
data_c on v er si o n /
__init__ . py
api_requests . py
feat u r e _ e n c o d i n g . py
f ea t u r e _ e x t r a c t i o n . py
fo rm a t _ c o n v e r s i o n . py
sql_queries . py
data_tran sform /
__init__ . py
filte r _a dv a nc e d . py
filter_basic . py
join_ o pe ra t io n s . py
scal i n g _ a d v a n c e d . py
scaling_basic . py
sorting . py
splitting . py
numerics /
__init__ . py
basi c _ s t a t i s t i c s . py
b l o c k _ m u l t i p l i c a t i o n . py
deco mposit ions . py
dot_products . py
i n t e g r a t i o n _ a n d _ d i s t a n c e s . py
inversions . py
m a t r i x _ f a c t o r i z a t i o n . py
m a t r i x _ r e a r r a n g e m e n t s . py
r e g r e s s i o n _ s t a t i s t i c s . py
sparse_lu . py
preprocessing /
__init__ . py
csv_io . py
data_cleaning . py
d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ a n a l y s i s . py
i n v e r s e _ t r a n s f o r m a t i o n s . py
json_io . py
l o g _ t r a n s f o r m a t i o n s . py
n oi s e _ a u g m e n t a t i o n . py
__init__ . py
data_pro ce s si n g /
an aly s i s _ p i p e l i n e /
analytical /
24
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
__init__ . py
a g g r e g a t i o n _ a l g o r i t h m s . py
da t a _ p e r t u r b a t i o n . py
data_query . py
joi n_ o pe r at io n s . py
li s t _ m a n i p u l a t i o n . py
sa m p l e _ p a r t i t i o n . py
se a s o n a l _ a n a l y s i s . py
p ip e l i n e _ u t i l i t i e s /
__init__ . py
dat a_stre aming . py
lea rning_ setup . py
mo d e l _ v a l i d a t i o n . py
p e r f o r m a n c e _ m e t r i c s . py
__init__ . py
cleaning_preparation /
advanced /
__init__ . py
d u p l i c a t e _ h a n d l i n g . py
i m p u t a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
ou t l i e r _ d e t e c t i o n . py
preparation /
__init__ . py
dat a_spli tting . py
i m p u t a t i o n _ l a b e l i n g . py
validation . py
__init__ . py
type _c on v er si o n . py
in teg r a t i o n _ m e r g e /
__init__ . py
a g g r e g a t i o n _ r e t r i e v a l . py
merg e _ o p e r a t i o n s . py
merge_search . py
integration_storage /
__init__ . py
api_opera tions . py
conv er si o n_ au t h . py
di ct i o n a r y _ c o n f i g . py
e xp o r t _ i n t e g r a t i o n . py
io_logging . py
manipulation /
__init__ . py
da ta _ m a n i p u l a t i o n . py
shuffling . py
string_pivot /
__init__ . py
pivoting . py
st ri n g _ o p e r a t i o n s . py
transformation_feature_eng /
__init__ . py
f e a t u r e _ e x t r a c t i o n _ e n c o d i n g . py
file_io . py
te xt _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py
t r a n s f o r m a t i o n _ n o r m a l i z a t i o n . py
utilities /
__init__ . py
metadata . py
metrics . py
parallel . py
sparse_st orage . py
text _p ro c es si n g . py
validation /
inspection /
__init__ . py
overview . py
sorting . py
statistics . py
__init__ . py
data_inte grity . py
__init__ . py
extended_eval /
diagnostics /
__init__ . py
model_quality . py
s t a t i s t i c a l _ d i a g n o s t i c s . py
te mp o r a l _ a n a l y s i s . py
__init__ . py
explainabi lity . py
p r e d i c t i v e _ a s s e s s m e n t . py
25
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
robustness . py
math_utils /
algorithms /
core_ t ec hn i qu e s /
__init__ . py
c l u s t e r i n g _ a n d _ d e t e c t i o n . py
f a i r n e s s _ a n d _ f e a t u r e _ a n a l y s i s . py
ma t r i x _ o p e r a t i o n s . py
o p t i m i z a t i o n _ a n d _ s e l e c t i o n . py
s t a t i s t i c a l _ m e t h o d s . py
__init__ . py
auxiliary /
__init__ . py
da ta _ m a n i p u l a t i o n . py
g e o m e t r i c _ o p e r a t i o n s . py
g r a d i e n t _ a n d _ i m a g i n g . py
ma th _ c o m p u t a t i o n s . py
ml_utilities . py
o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py
o ut l i e r _ v a l i d a t i o n . py
ra nd o m _ o p e r a t i o n s . py
t e n s o r _ a n d _ l i k e l i h o o d . py
text_ p ro ce s si n g . py
time_ p ro ce s si n g . py
d at a _p r e p r o c e s s i n g /
__init__ . py
mo de l _ p e r s i s t e n c e . py
sampling . py
text_tools . py
performance /
__init__ . py
drift _ de te c ti o n . py
st at i s t i c a l _ t e s t s . py
sy st e m _ m o n i t o r i n g . py
t i m e _ s e r i e s _ a n a l y s i s . py
pipeline_evaluation /
__init__ . py
ad va n c e d _ a n a l y s i s . py
data_ r es am p li n g . py
e va l u a t i o n _ m e t r i c s . py
h y p e r p a r a m e t e r _ t u n i n g . py
m o d e l _ e x p o r t _ a n d _ c v . py
o n l i n e _ l e a r n i n g _ s u p p o r t . py
p e r f o r m a n c e _ b e n c h m a r k i n g . py
pipe l i n e _ c r e a t o r . py
simulation /
__init__ . py
h y p e r p a r a m e t e r _ t u n i n g . py
n e a r e s t _ n e i g h b o r _ s e a r c h . py
rando m _s am p li n g . py
simulation . py
t im e _ i n t e r p o l a t i o n . py
statistical_analysis /
__init__ . py
de sc r i p t i v e _ s t a t s . py
i n f e r e n t i a l _ m e t h o d s . py
m u l t i v a r i a t e _ a n a l y s i s . py
p r o b a b i l i s t i c _ m o d e l s . py
su rv i v a l _ a n a l y s i s . py
t im e _ s e r i e s _ m o d e l s . py
vari a n c e _ m e t r i c s . py
__init__ . py
ml_compute /
ml_methods /
__init__ . py
c lu s t e r i n g _ m e t h o d s . py
d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ r e d u c t i o n . py
svm_ valida tion . py
optimization /
__init__ . py
c l u s t e r i n g _ g r a p h _ t e c h n i q u e s . py
o p t i m i z a t i o n _ a l g o r i t h m s . py
trai n i n g _ c o n t r o l . py
stat_infe rence /
__init__ . py
h y p o t h e s i s _ t e s t s _ a d v a n c e d . py
h y p o t h e s i s _ t e s t s _ b a s i c . py
m o d e l _ e v a l u a t i o n _ m e t r i c s . py
m o d e l _ s e l e c t i o n _ m e t r i c s . py
26
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
p a r a m e t e r _ e s t i m a t i o n . py
s t a t i s t i c a l _ t e s t s _ m e t r i c s . py
time_series /
distribution /
__init__ . py
b a y e s i a n _ l i k e l i h o o d . py
d i s t r i b u t i o n _ e s t i m a t i o n . py
i n f e r e n t i a l _ h y p o t h e s i s . py
i n f e r e n t i a l _ v a r i a n c e . py
__init__ . py
forecast_ plots . py
f o r e c a s t i n g _ a l g o r i t h m s . py
__init__ . py
model_eval /
deployment /
__init__ . py
deploymen t_ops . py
te st i n g _ r e s o u r c e s . py
evaluation /
diagnostics /
__init__ . py
a d v a n c e d _ d i a g n o s t i c s . py
ba s i c _ d i a g n o s t i c s . py
p e r f o r m a n c e _ m e t r i c s . py
__init__ . py
a d d i t i o n a l _ a n a l y s i s . py
error_display . py
r e g r e s s i o n _ d i a g n o s t i c s . py
training_ops . py
management /
__init__ . py
counterfa ctual . py
f e a t u r e _ e x p l a n a t i o n . py
hyperpara meter . py
persi s te nc e _o p s . py
p i p e l i n e _ i n t e g r a t i o n . py
uncertainty . py
visualization /
__init__ . py
dashboard . py
visual_re ports . py
__init__ . py
pipeline /
data_cleaning /
__init__ . py
dimension ality . py
encoding . py
filtering . py
imputation . py
knn_methods . py
merging . py
deployment /
__init__ . py
export . py
i n t e g r a t i o n _ t e s t i n g . py
interactive . py
monitoring . py
online . py
re po r t i n g _ f o r m a t s . py
standard_ plots . py
trend_ana lysis . py
evaluation /
__init__ . py
cros s _ v a l i d a t i o n . py
gd_op t im iz a ti o n . py
metrics_plots . py
misc_ e va lu a ti o n . py
monitoring . py
feature_engineering /
__init__ . py
b a s i c _ t r a n s f o r m a t i o n . py
extraction . py
interaction . py
selection . py
synthesis . py
orchestration /
__init__ . py
configuration . py
startup . py
27
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
transformers . py
workflow . py
preprocessing /
__init__ . py
adva n c e d _ p a r s i n g . py
imputation . py
inpu t _ v a l i d a t i o n . py
training /
__init__ . py
t r a i n i n g _ a d j u s t m e n t s . py
t r a i n i n g _ s t r a t e g i e s . py
tuning /
__init__ . py
calibration . py
evolution . py
gaussian . py
meta . py
parzen . py
__init__ . py
ui /
interactivity /
__init__ . py
domai n _c om m an d s . py
gene r a l _ c o m m a n d s . py
help_support . py
n av i g a t i o n _ a c t i o n s . py
visualization /
__init__ . py
dashboard . py
stand a rd _c h ar t s . py
__init__ . py
__init__ . py
main . py
setup . py
SubGraph-to-Skeleton
Machine Learning Algorithms
A dv a nc e d E x t e n s i o n s [ - > dir : src / algorithms / advanced ]
Miscellaneous [ - > dir : src / algorithms / advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s ]
O th er A lg o ri th m s [ - > file : src / algorithms / advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s /
c l a s s i f i c a t i o n _ a n d _ f e a t u r e _ i m p o r t a n c e _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / r e g r e s s i o n _ a n d _ s v m _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src /
algorithms / advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s /
a d v a n c e d _ c l u s t e r i n g _ a n d _ d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / m e t a _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src / algorithms /
advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / s v m _ e n s e m b l e _ a n d _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py , file :
src / algorithms / advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s /
s p l i n e _ i n t e r p o l a t i o n _ a n d _ a d j u s t e d _ c l a s s i f i e r s . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / n u m e r i c a l _ i n t e r p o l a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src / algorithms /
advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / d i v e r s e _ a l g o r i t h m i c _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src /
algorithms / advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / a d v a n c e d _ t o k e n i z a t i o n _ a n d _ p e r c e p t r o n .
py , file : src / algorithms / advanced / s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s /
e n s e m b l e _ e v a l u a t i o n _ a n d _ a n o m a l y _ d e t e c t i o n . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / t o k e n i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ a l g o r i t h m s / m o d e l _ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ m e t h o d s . py ]
E x t e n d e d T e c h n i q u e s [ - > dir : src / algorithms / advanced / e x t e n d e d _ t e c h n i q u e s ]
E xt en d ed M et ho d s [ - > file : src / algorithms / advanced / e x t e n d e d _ t e c h n i q u e s / e x t e n d e d _ m e t h ods /
i n t e r p o l a t i o n _ a n d _ m o d e l _ l e a r n i n g . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
e x t e n d e d _ t e c h n i q u e s / e x t e n d e d _ m e t h o d s / v a l i d a t i o n _ a n d _ c l u s t e r i n g . py ]
NewModels [ - > file : src / algorithms / advanced / e x t e n d e d _ t e c h n i q u e s / new_models /
n e w _ m o d e l _ t e c h n i q u e s . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced / e x t e n d e d _ t e c h n i q u e s /
new_models / n e w _ m o d e l _ t e c h n i q u e s _ a d d i t i o n a l . py ]
Baselines [ - > file : src / algorithms / advanced / e x t e n d e d _ t e c h n i q u e s / baselines . py ]
E n h a n c e m e n t s A n d G e n e r a l [ - > dir : src / algorithms / advanced / enhancements / g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s ]
G e n e r a l E n h a n c e m e n t s [ - > file : src / algorithms / advanced / enhancements / g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s
/ o p t i m i z a t i o n _ a n d _ m e t a _ l e a r n i n g . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced / enhancements /
g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s / r e g r e s s i o n _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py , file : src / algorithms / advanced /
enhancements / g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s / a c t i v e _ l e a r n i n g _ s t r a t e g i e s . py , file : src /
algorithms / advanced / enhancements / g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s / m i s c _ g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py
, file : src / algorithms / advanced / enhancements / g e n e r a l _ e n h a n c e m e n t s /
c l a s s i f i c a t i o n _ c l u s t e r i n g _ e n h a n c e m e n t s . py ]
Regression [ - > dir : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models ]
LinearModels [ - > dir : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models ]
Mul tipleL inear [ - > file : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models / m ul t ip le _ li ne a r . py ,
file : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models / lasso . py ]
28
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s i o n [ - > file : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models / polynomial . py ]
Lasso [ - > file : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models / m u lt i pl e_ l in ea r . py , file : src /
algorithms / regression / linear_models / lasso . py ]
SimpleLinear [ - > file : src / algorithms / regression / linear_models / simple_linear . py ]
Oth er R eg r es si o n [ - > dir : src / algorithms / regression ]
R i d g e R e g r e s s i o n C l a s s i f i c a t i o n [ - > file : src / algorithms / regression / r i d g e _ c l a s s i f i e r . py ]
ElasticNet [ - > file : src / algorithms / regression / e l a s t i c _ n e t _ r e g r e s s i o n . py ]
U n s u p e r v i s e d L e a r n i n g [ - > dir : src / algorithms / unsupervised ]
D i m e n s i o n a l i t y R e d u c t i o n [ - > dir : src / algorithms / unsupervised / d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ r e d u c t i o n ]
KernelMethods [ - > file : src / algorithms / unsupervised / d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ r e d u c t i o n / kernel_pca
. py ]
OtherDR [ - > file : src / algorithms / unsupervised / d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ r e d u c t i o n / extended_dr . py ]
PCA [ - > file : src / algorithms / unsupervised / d i m e n s i o n a l i t y _ r e d u c t i o n / pca . py ]
Clustering [ - > dir : src / algorithms / unsupervised / clustering ]
KMeans [ - > file : src / algorithms / unsupervised / clustering / kmeans . py ]
O th er C lu s te ri n g [ - > file : src / algorithms / unsupervised / clustering /
s u p p l e m e n t a l _ c l u s t e r i n g . py ]
A d v a n c e d C l u s t e r i n g [ - > file : src / algorithms / unsupervised / clustering / a d v a n c e d _ c l u s t e r i n g
. py ]
E n s e m b l e A n d T r e e M e t h o d s [ - > dir : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g ]
Boo st i ng B ag gi n g [ - > dir : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g ]
Sta ckingV oting [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g / st a ck in g _v ot ing /
secondary . py , file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g / st a ck in g _v o ti ng /
primary . py ]
Bagging [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g / bagging . py ]
G r a d i e n t B o o s t i n g [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g /
g r a d i e n t _ b o o s t i n g . py ]
Boosting [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g / boosting /
b o o s t i n g _ a l g o r i t h m s . py , file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g /
boosting / b o o s t i n g _ a d v a n c e d _ f e a t u r e s . py , file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree /
dec ision_ trees / g r a d i e n t _ b o o s t i n g _ t r e e . py , file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree /
b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g / boosting / b o o s t i n g _ p a r a m e t e r _ t u n i n g . py ]
DecisionTrees [ - > dir : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / deci sion_t rees ]
ID3 [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / decis ion_tr ees / id3 . py ]
Reg ressio nTree [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / deci sion_t rees / r eg r es si o n_ tr e e . py
]
G r a d i e n t B o o s t i n g T r e e [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / b o o s t i n g _ b a g g i n g / boosting /
b o o s t i n g _ a d v a n c e d _ f e a t u r e s . py , file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / decis ion_tr ees /
g r a d i e n t _ b o o s t i n g _ t r e e . py ]
PostPruning [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / deci sion_t rees / post_pruning . py ]
RandomForest [ - > file : src / algorithms / ensemble_tree / decisi on_tre es / random_forest . py ]
S up e rv i s e d L e a r n i n g [ - > dir : src / algorithms / supervised / c lassif icati on / logistic ]
Clas sific ation [ - > dir : src / algorithms / supervised / clas sifica tion / logistic ]
L o g i s t i c R e g r e s s i o n [ - > file : src / algorithms / supervised / class ificat ion / logistic / sigmoid .
py , file : src / algorithms / supervised / c lassif icatio n / logistic / optimization . py , file :
src / algorithms / supervised / cla ssific ation / logistic / cost . py ]
Sup portAn dTree [ - > file : src / algorithms / supervised / cl assifi cation / decision_tree . py ,
file : src / algorithms / supervised / c lassif icatio n / su pport_ vector . py ]
NaiveBayes [ - > file : src / algorithms / supervised / class ificat ion / naive_bayes . py ]
KNearest [ - > file : src / algorithms / supervised / c lassif icatio n / knearest . py ]
Base Classes Example
## General
### src / general / b as e _c om p on en t s . py
‘‘‘ python
from abc import ABC , abst ractme thod
class BaseComponent ( ABC ) :
"""
Abstract base class for core pipeline components .
Provides a standard lifecycle :
- initialize () : Prepare the component .
- process ( data ) : Process input data .
- finalize () : Clean up resources .
Concrete subclasses must implement process () .
"""
def __init__ ( self ) -> None :
self . initialized : bool = False
def initialize ( self ) -> None :
"""
Set up the component before processing starts .

29
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
"""
self . initialized = True
@abstr ac t me th o d
def process ( self , data ) :
"""
Process the input data .
Args :
data : Input data in a predefined schema .
Returns :
Output data after processing .
"""
pass
def finalize ( self ) -> None :
"""
Tear down or clean up the component after processing .
"""
self . initialized = False
class Es t i m a t o r C o m p o n e n t ( BaseComponent ) :
"""
Abstract base class for estimator components ( e . g . , models ) .
Defines the contract for model training and prediction .
"""
@abstr ac t me th o d
def fit ( self , training_data ) -> None :
"""
Train the estimator using the provided training data .
Args :
training_data : Data batch conforming to a shared TrainingBatch schema .
"""
pass
@abstr ac t me th o d
def predict ( self , input_data ) :
"""
Generate predictions based on the input data .
Args :
input_data : Data in a format specified by the pipeline .
Returns :
Predictions corresponding to the input features .
"""
pass
def process ( self , data ) :
"""
For an estimator , process () defaults to prediction .
"""
return self . predict ( data )
‘‘‘
Designed Interfaces
## Feature Paths : " Regression / LinearModels / P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s i o n / Cubic Regression with
regulariz ation " , " Regression / LinearModels / P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s i o n / polynomial model fitting " , "
Regression / LinearModels / P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s i o n / cubic regression " , " Regression / LinearModels /
P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s i o n / quadratic regression " , " Regression / LinearModels / P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s i o n /
Quadratic Regression with r egular izatio n "
### src / algorithms / regression / linear_models / polynomial . py
from src . general . b as e_ c om p on en t s import E s t i m a t o r C o m p o n e n t
class P o l y n o m i a l R e g r e s s o r ( E s t i m a t o r C o m p o n e n t ) :
def __init__ ( self , degree : int , r e g u l a r i z a t i o n _ l a m b d a : float =0.0) -> None :
pass
def fit ( self , X : list [ float ] , y : list [ float ]) -> None :
"""
Fit the polynomial regression model to the provided data .

30
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Constructs the polynomial features based on the specified degree and applies
optional reg ulariz ation if r e g u l a r i z a t i o n _ l a m b d a is provided ( > 0) .
Args :
X ( list [ float ]) : A list of feature values .
y ( list [ float ]) : A list of target values corresponding to the features .
Returns :
None
Raises :
ValueError : If the degree is not supported or if input lists are empty or mismatched .
"""
pass
def predict ( self , X : list [ float ]) -> list [ float ]:
"""
Generate predictions using the fitted polynomial regression model .
Transforms the input features into polynomial features and computes
the output via the fitted model coefficients . Applies regu lariza tion adjustments
if the model was fitted with a regu lariza tion term .
Args :
X ( list [ float ]) : A list of feature values for prediction .
Returns :
list [ float ]: A list of predicted values .
"""
pass
B.3
Patterns in Implementation-Level Graph Construction
The mapping from RPGs to code structures exhibits a strong isomorphic relationship: each subgraph corresponds
to a coherent code region, with files, classes, and functions serving as structural anchors. Table 7 illustrates this
correspondence for the case of o3-mini during sklearn generation, where algorithmic subgraphs (e.g., ML Algorithms,
Data Processing, ML Pipeline) map to a larger number of files and functions, while auxiliary subgraphs (e.g., Diagnostics,
Visualization) remain compact yet feature-dense. This pattern reflects the semantic granularity of different subgraphs:
core computational domains require broader structural scaffolding, whereas specialized domains concentrate more
features per unit. Extending to the cross-repository view in Table 6, we observe that both models preserve this
structural isomorphism but with distinct emphases: o3-mini tends to distribute features more evenly across units, while
qwen3-coder consistently produces the highest feature densities, especially at the class level. Together, these results
demonstrate that the graph-to-code translation process not only preserves the hierarchical semantics of the RPG but also
manifests in distinct structural footprints that vary with model choice.

Table 6: Per-repository structural statistics across o3-mini and qwen-coder. “Count” = number of entities (Files/Classes/Functions) per repository; “Avg Feat.” = mean number of features per entity (features per file/class/function).
o3-mini
Repo
Count
TableKit
MLKit-Py
StatModeler
SymbolicMath
PyWebEngine
HttpEasy
Average
Files
Avg Feat.

Classes
Count Avg Feat.

qwen-coder
Functions
Count Avg Feat.

Count
Files
Avg Feat.

Classes
Count Avg Feat.

Functions
Count Avg Feat.

475
266
219
126
440
104
3.64
4.74
4.71
4.70
3.89
4.17
252
321
117
95
576
79
2.28
1.64
2.47
2.17
1.74
2.43
1092
708
726
370
689
235
1.05
1.04
1.02
1.04
1.02
1.03
271
566
330
89
482
178
6.69
2.44
3.48
8.98
3.52
4.28
496
815
573
71
890
239
1.62
1.30
1.22
1.73
1.26
1.52
587
281
411
786
501
366
1.50
1.13
1.07
0.86
1.13
1.06
271.7
4.31
240
2.12
636.7
1.03
319.3
4.90
514
1.44
488.7
1.12
31
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Table 7: Structural distribution of files, classes, functions, and feature densities corresponding to each subgraph in
the feature graph of o3-mini during sklearn synthesis. Here, “Files/Classes/Functions” denote the number of code
units mapped from each subgraph; “File/Class/Function Features” are the total extracted features; and “Avg Features/...”
indicates the average number of features per unit type.
Subgraph
ML Algorithms
Math Utilities
Data Processing
ML Pipeline
Core Operations
ML Computation
ML Evaluation
ML Diagnostics
Visualization
C
Files
Classes
Functions
File Features
Class Features
Function Features
Avg Feat./File
Avg Feat./Class
Avg Feat./Func
58
47
45
38
30
19
17
6
6
171
26
30
23
15
39
12
3
2
67
102
169
149
76
34
51
44
16
323
143
231
202
124
88
77
50
24
256
40
59
42
33
54
25
6
8
67
103
172
160
91
34
52
44
16
5.57
3.04
5.13
5.32
4.13
4.63
4.53
8.33
4.00
1.50
1.54
1.97
1.83
2.20
1.38
2.08
2.00
4.00
1.00
1.01
1.02
1.07
1.20
1.00
1.02
1.00
1.00
Appendix of Graph-Guided Repository Generation
C.1
Details on Localization
To facilitate the localization stage in graph-guided repository generation, we designed a graph-guided toolset that allows
agents to systematically explore and map design-level features onto concrete code artifacts. The tools support both
fine-grained inspection of files and interfaces, as well as feature-driven exploration across the repository. Specifically,
view_file_interface_feature_map and get_interface_content enable inspection of code structures and
retrieval of their implementations, while expand_leaf_node_info and search_interface_by_functionality
allow navigation of the RPG and fuzzy semantic search. Finally, the Terminate command ensures that the localization
process produces a ranked and standardized output. Together, these tools provide a structured workflow that balances
automation with flexibility, ensuring both accuracy and interpretability in the localization process.
Localization Tools
### Interface Inspection Tools
- ‘ v i e w _ f i l e _ i n t e r f a c e _ f e a t u r e _ m a p ( file_path ) ‘
Inspects a single Python file to list the interface structures ( functions , classes , methods ) it
contains , along with the feature mappings they support .
* Usage *: Useful for quickly understanding which interfaces exist in a given file and the feature
tags associated with them .
* Example *:
\ begin { verbatim }
v i e w _ f i l e _ i n t e r f a c e _ f e a t u r e _ m a p ( ’ src / algorithms / classifier . py ’)
\ end { verbatim }
- ‘ g e t _ i n t e r f a c e _ c o n t e n t ( target_specs ) ‘
Retrieves the full implem entati on code of a specific function , class , or method , given its fully
qualified name ( file path + entity name ) .
* Usage *: Applied when a particular interface has been located and its source code needs to be
examined in detail .
* Example *:
\ begin { verbatim }
g e t _ i n t e r f a c e _ c o n t e n t ([ ’ src / core / data_loader . py : DataLoader . load_data ’])
g e t _ i n t e r f a c e _ c o n t e n t ([ ’ src / core / utils . py : clean_text ’])
\ end { verbatim }
### Feature - Driven Exploration Tools
- ‘ e x p a n d _ l e a f _ n o d e _ i n f o ( feature_path ) ‘
Given a feature path from the implemented feature tree , this tool expands and lists all
associated interfaces ( functions or classes ) in a structural summary .
* Usage *: Applied when analyzing how a specific functional leaf node in the design tree maps to
repository interfaces .
* Example *:
\ begin { verbatim }
e x p a n d _ l e a f _ n o d e _ i n f o ( ’ Algorithm / Supervised Learning / Cl assifi cation Algorithms / Naive Bayes ’)
\ end { verbatim }
- ‘ s e a r c h _ i n t e r f a c e _ b y _ f u n c t i o n a l i t y ( keywords ) ‘
Performs a fuzzy semantic search for interfaces based on given keywords and returns the top -5
most relevant interface i mp le m enta t io n s .

32
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
* Usage *: Useful when the exact file or interface name is unknown , but functionality - related
keywords are available .
* Example *:
\ begin { verbatim }
s e a r c h _ i n t e r f a c e _ b y _ f u n c t i o n a l i t y ([ ’ optimize ’ , ’ initialize ’])
\ end { verbatim }
### Termination Tool
- ‘ Terminate ( result ) ‘
Terminates the localization exploration and returns the final ranked list of located interfaces .
The result must follow the specified JSON - style format , including file path and interface
type ( function , class , or method ) .
* Usage *: Invoked after completing exploration to deliver the final interface localization results
.
* Example *:
\ begin { verbatim }
Terminate ( result =[
{" file_path ": " t o p 1 _ f i l e _ f u l l p a t h . py " , " interface ": " method : Class1 . function1 "} ,
{" file_path ": " t o p 2 _ f i l e _ f u l l p a t h . py " , " interface ": " function : function2 "} ,
{" file_path ": " t o p 3 _ f i l e _ f u l l p a t h . py " , " interface ": " class : Class3 "} ,
])
\ end { verbatim }
C.2
Tools for Coding
To support systematic repository modification, we introduce a suite of editing tools that operate at multiple levels of
code granularity.
Editing Coding Tools
### e d i t _ w h o l e _ c l a s s _ i n _ f i l e ( file_path , class_name )
Use when : An entire class ( including all methods and its docstring ) requires editing or replacement
.
Output must : Provide the full class definition , with all methods and docstring .
### e d i t _ m e t h o d _ o f _ c l a s s _ i n _ f i l e ( file_path , class_name , method_name )
Use when : A single method inside a class needs to be edited or replaced .
Output must :
- Return the full ‘ class ClassName : ‘ block containing only the target method .
- Exclude all unrelated methods .
- Do not output the method alone ; it must appear within its class block .
### e d i t _ f u n c t i o n _ i n _ f i l e ( file_path , function_name )
Use when : A top - level function requires editing or replacement .
Output must : Provide the full function , including signature , logic , and docstring .
### e d i t _ i m p o r t s _ a n d _ a s s i g n m e n t s _ i n _ f i l e ( file_path )
Use when : Import statements or top - level assignments in the file need to be added or corrected .
Output must :
- Contain only import statements and top - level assignments ( no functions or classes ) .
- Follow a strict import order : (1) standard library , (2) third - party packages , (3) local modules .
Important :
- Do not remove existing imports unless they are demonstrably incorrect ( e . g . , invalid path , typo ,
or non - existent module ) .
- Retain imports even if they appear unused , to preserve runtime dependencies .

### Terminate ()
Use when : All required edits are complete and no further tool invocations are necessary .
Important : Do not call prematurely ; ensure the issue is fully resolved before termination .

C.3
Graph-Guided Localization and Editing Logs
To illustrate how the proposed system operates in practice, we include representative logs that demonstrate the end-toend process: (i) locating relevant interfaces in the repository through RPG–guided exploration, and (ii) applying code
editing operations to implement the required functionality. These logs capture the step-by-step decision process, tool
invocations, and final termination results.

33
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Task Example Trajectory
Task : This issue is to implement the A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r class in src / symbolic /
enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py . Contributors should aim to encapsulate the
necessary tr ansfor mation logic and ensure the methods integrate well with the rest of the
symbolic algebra framework . Clear error handling and input validation are expected in order to
gracefully manage undefined behaviors .
============ Localization = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Agent : < think >
I will begin by exploring the file " src / symbolic / enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py " since
the A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r class should be implemented here . I will use the
v i e w _ f i l e _ i n t e r f a c e _ f e a t u r e _ m a p tool on that file to inspect its structure and get an idea of
what is already provided , and any hints or TODOs might be present .
</ think >
< solution >
‘‘‘
v i e w _ f i l e _ i n t e r f a c e _ f e a t u r e _ m a p ( ’ src / symbolic / enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py ’)
‘‘‘
</ solution >
Env : ‘‘‘ python
## src / symbolic / enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py
from typing import Any , Dict
### Features : Calculus & Advanced Summation / Differential & Asymptotic Methods / Advanced
Transform ation Methods / asymptotic series expansion , Calculus & Advanced Summation / Differential
& Asymptotic Methods / Advanced Tran sforma tion Methods / differentiate special functions ,
Calculus & Advanced Summation / Differential & Asymptotic Methods / Advanced Tran sforma tion
Methods / simplify inequality expressions
class A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r :
def a s y m p t o t i c _ s e r i e s _ e x p a n s i o n ( self , expression : Any , e xp a ns io n _o r de r : int ) -> Any :
...
def d i f f e r e n t i a t e _ s p e c i a l _ f u n c t i o n ( self , expression : Any , function_name : str , a d d i t i o n a l _ p a r am s
: Dict [ str , Any ]= None ) -> Any :
...
def s i m p l i f y _ i n e q u a l i t y ( self , in e qu al i ty _e x pr : Any , tolerance : float =1 e -05) -> Any :
...
‘‘‘
Agent : < think >
I ’ ll now check the file " src / symbolic / enhanced / sim plific ation / algebraic . py " since it is part of the
Enhanced Symbolic Algorithms si mplifi catio n area , and it might contain functions or methods
relevant to simplifying inequalities .
</ think >
< solution >
‘‘‘
v i e w _ f i l e _ i n t e r f a c e _ f e a t u r e _ m a p ( ’ src / symbolic / enhanced / sim plific ation / algebraic . py ’)
‘‘‘
</ solution >
Env : ‘‘‘ python
## src / symbolic / enhanced / simpl ificat ion / algebraic . py
from typing import Any
from src . expr_t ransfo rm . si mplifi catio n . techniques import a p p l y _ c o m m u t a t i v e _ a s s o c i a t i v e _ r e w r i t i n g ,
order_terms
from src . symbolic . core . e x p r e s s i o n _ m a n i p u l a t i o n . tree_utils import c o l l e c t _ l i k e _ t e r m s
from src . symbolic . core . e x p r e s s i o n _ m a n i p u l a t i o n . rewriting import c a n o n i c a l i z e _ e x p r e s s i o n _ t r e e
### Features : Si mplifi cation / Algebraic Simpli ficati on / Basic Techniques / simplify expressions
def s i m p l i f y _ e x p r e s s i o n ( expr : Any ) -> Any :
...
‘‘‘
Agent : < think >
I will now search for interfaces related to " differentiate special function " or advanced symbolic
differ en t ia ti o n since our method d i f f e r e n t i a t e _ s p e c i a l _ f u n c t i o n might rely on those routines .
This might reveal supporting functions or logic that can be reused .
</ think >
< solution >
‘‘‘
s e a r c h _ i n t e r f a c e _ b y _ f u n c t i o n a l i t y ([ ’ differentiate special function ’ , ’ advanced symbolic
differentiation ’])
‘‘‘
</ solution >
34
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Env :
Keyword " differentiate special function " matched interfaces : class AdvancedExpressionAnalyzer
, class AutomaticDifferentiator , class M u l t i v a r i a b l e D i f f e r e n t i a t o r .
Keyword " advanced symbolic di f fe re n ti at i on " matched interfaces : class AutomaticDifferentiator ,
class IntegerAdditionOperations , class M u l t i v a r i a b l e D i f f e r e n t i a t o r .

## File : src / calculus / di ff e re nt i at i on / p a r t i a l _ d e r i v a t i v e s . py
from typing import Any , List , Callable
### Features : Di ff e re n ti at i on / Specialized / Techniques / validate partial derivatives , D i ff er e nt ia t ion /
Specialized / Techniques / compute partial derivatives , Di ff e re nt i at i on / Specialized / Techniques /
symbolic gradient computation , D i ff er e nt ia t io n / Specialized / Techniques / Jacobian matrix ,
Differ en t ia ti o n / Specialized / Techniques / symbolic hessian computation , Di f fe re n ti at i on /
Specialized / Techniques / multivariable di ff e re n ti at i on
class M u l t i v a r i a b l e D i f f e r e n t i a t o r :
def v a l i d a t e _ p a r t i a l _ d e r i v a t i v e s ( self , function : Callable [... , Any ] , variables : List [ str ] ,
computed : Any ) -> bool :
...
def c o m p u t e _ p a r t i a l _ d e r i v a t i v e ( self , function : Any , variable : str ) -> Any :
"""
...
def c o m p u t e _ s y m b o l i c _ g r a d i e n t ( self , function : Any , variables : List [ str ]) -> Any :
...
def c o m p u t e _ j a c o b i a n _ m a t r i x ( self , functions : List [ Any ] , variables : List [ str ]) -> Any :
...
def c o m p u t e _ s y m b o l i c _ h e s s i a n ( self , function : Any , variables : List [ str ]) -> Any :
...
def d i f f e r e n t i a t e _ m u l t i v a r i a b l e ( self , function : Any , variables : List [ str ]) -> Any :
...
...
Agent : < think >
Next , I ’ ll search for interfaces that mention " asymptotic series expansion " because that
functionality is required in A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r . a s y m p t o t i c _ s e r i e s _ e x p a n s i o n . This
might reveal candidate functions that can be reused to generate series expansions .
I ’ ll also search for interfaces related to " simplify inequality " to see if there ’ s any existing
logic for inequality si mplifi cation that we can leverage .
Let ’ s perform both searches .
</ think >
< solution >
‘‘‘
s e a r c h _ i n t e r f a c e _ b y _ f u n c t i o n a l i t y ([ ’ asymptotic series expansion ’])
s e a r c h _ i n t e r f a c e _ b y _ f u n c t i o n a l i t y ([ ’ simplify inequality ’])
‘‘‘
</ solution >
Env : Keyword " asymptotic series expansion " matched interfaces : class AdvancedExpressionAnalyzer ,
class MultivariableDifferentiator , class N u m e r i c a l I n t e g r a t o r .
## File : src / calculus / di ff e re nt i at i on / p a r t i a l _ d e r i v a t i v e s . py
from typing import Any , List , Callable
### Features : Di ff e re n ti at i on / Specialized / Techniques / validate partial derivatives , D i ff er e nt ia t ion /
Specialized / Techniques / compute partial derivatives , Di ff e re nt i at i on / Specialized / Techniques /
symbolic gradient computation , D i ff er e nt ia t io n / Specialized / Techniques / Jacobian matrix ,
Differ en t ia ti o n / Specialized / Techniques / symbolic hessian computation , Di f fe re n ti at i on /
Specialized / Techniques / multivariable di ff e re nt i at i on
class M u l t i v a r i a b l e D i f f e r e n t i a t o r :
...

Agent : < think >
We have gathered several candidate supporting interfaces needed for our implem entati on of
A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r . Our analysis indicates that the following components are very
likely to be relevant dependencies :
...
These are our top -5 interface - level code units that are most likely to serve as essential
dependencies for implementing the class A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r with its three key
methods .

35
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
</ think >
< solution >
‘‘‘
Terminate ( result =[
{" file_path ": " src / symbolic / core / calculus / d i ff er e nt i at io n . py " , " interface ": " function :
d i f f e r e n t i a t e _ e x p r e s s i o n _ t r e e "} ,
{" file_path ": " src / symbolic / enhanced / simpl ificat ion / algebraic . py " , " interface ": " function :
s i m p l i f y _ e x p r e s s i o n "} ,
{" file_path ": " src / ex pr_tra nsform / tran sforma tion / a n a l y s i s _ e x p r e s s i o n . py " , " interface ": " class :
A d v a n c e d E x p r e s s i o n A n a l y z e r "} ,
{" file_path ": " src / arith_algebra / d if f er en t ia t io n . py " , " interface ": " class :
A u t o m a t i c D i f f e r e n t i a t o r "} ,
{" file_path ": " src / arith_algebra / e q u a t i o n _ s o l v i n g / n o n l i n e a r _ s y m b o l i c . py " , " interface ": " class :
S y m b o l i c E q u a t i o n S o l v e r "}
])
‘‘‘
=========== Coding ============
Agent : < think >
We need to implement the A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r class in the file src / symbolic / enhanced /
c al c ul u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py . The class should provide three methods . For
asymptotic_series_expansion , we will check that e x pa ns i on _o r de r is a positive integer and that
the expression is provided . Our imp lement ation will simulate an asymptotic expansion by
returning a new symbolic expression with a type marker ( e . g . , " a s y m p t o t i c _ s e r i e s ") including
the original expression and the specified order . Similarly , d i f f e r e n t i a t e _ s p e c i a l _ f u n c t i o n
should validate that the provided function name is among a set of allowed special functions (
for example , erf , gamma , beta , bessel , hype rgeome tric ) and then simulate a specialized
differ en t ia ti o n by returning a new symbolic expression that indicates that the transf ormati on
has been applied . Finally , s i m p l i f y _ i n e q u a l i t y will check that the input is structured ( i . e . a
dictionary ) and that tolerance is a positive float reasonably bounded ( we can enforce
tolerance > 0 and maybe below 1 to avoid very high tolerance ) and then simulate a
simplific ation by deep - copying the input expression with additional metadata fields . We also
include proper error handling and input validation .
</ think >
< solution >
e d i t _ w h o l e _ c l a s s _ i n _ f i l e (" src / symbolic / enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py " , "
A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r ")
‘‘‘ python
from typing import Any , Dict
import copy
class A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r :
"""
Provides advanced differential trans forma tion methods for asymptotic series expansion ,
differ en t ia ti n g special functions , and simplifying inequality expressions within symbolic
mathematics .
This class encapsulates transf ormati on techniques that are applied to symbolic expressions
in the context of differential and asymptotic methods , enabling enhanced symbolic analyses and
computations .
Methods :
a s y m p t o t i c _ s e r i e s _ e x p a n s i o n ( expression : Any , ex p an si o n_ or d er : int ) -> Any :
Expand the provided expression into its asymptotic series r eprese ntati on up to the
given order .
d i f f e r e n t i a t e _ s p e c i a l _ f u n c t i o n ( expression : Any , function_name : str , a d d i t i o n a l _ p a r a m s : Dict
[ str , Any ] = None ) -> Any :
Differentiate a symbolic expression that contains a special function using advanced
rules .
s i m p l i f y _ i n e q u a l i t y ( in e qu al i ty _ ex pr : Any , tolerance : float = 1e -5) -> Any :
Simplify a symbolic inequality expression using t ransfo rmatio n techniques to reduce
complexity .
"""
...
‘‘‘
</ solution >
Env :
# Code Patch Diff :
--- src / symbolic / enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py
+++ src / symbolic / enhanced / c a l c u l u s _ s u m m a t i o n / differential . py
@@ -1 ,4 +1 ,5 @@
from typing import Any , Dict
+ import copy
class A d v a n c e d D i f f e r e n t i a l T r a n s f o r m e r :
"""
36
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
@@ -18 ,6 +19 ,7 @@
s i m p l i f y _ i n e q u a l i t y ( in e qu al i ty _e x pr : Any , tolerance : float = 1e -5) -> Any :
Simplify a symbolic inequality expression using t ransfo rmatio n techniques to reduce
complexity .
"""
+
A L L O W E D _ S P E C I A L _ F U N C T I O N S = { ’ erf ’ , ’ gamma ’ , ’ beta ’ , ’ bessel ’ , ’ hypergeometric ’}
def a s y m p t o t i c _ s e r i e s _ e x p a n s i o n ( self , expression : Any , e xp a ns io n _o r de r : int ) -> Any :
"""
@@ -26 ,15 +28 ,23 @@
Args :
expression ( Any ) : The symbolic expression to be expanded .
e xp an s io n _o rd e r ( int ) : The order up to which the series expansion should be computed .
+
Returns :
Any : A symbolic expression representing the asymptotic series expansion .
+
+
+
+
...

Edge Cases :
- If ex p an si o n_ o rd er is non - positive , the behavior is undefined .
- The function expects a valid symbolic expression input .
Raises :
ValueError : If e xp an s io n_ o rd e r is not a positive integer .
TypeError : If the expression is not in a valid symbolic format ( e . g . , a dictionary ) .
"""
pass
if not isinstance ( expansion_order , int ) or ex p an s io n_ o rd er <= 0:
Agent : < solution >
Terminate ()
</ solution >
C.4
Testing Framework
As illustrated in Algorithm 3, the testing framework combines unit tests, regression tests, and integration tests into a
unified process. Unit tests validate each new patch at a fine-grained level, regression tests re-execute existing nodes to
ensure backward compatibility, and integration tests verify that multiple patched components interact correctly when
combined.
As illustrated in Algorithm 4, the testing pipeline proceeds in a sequence of stages: branch planning, test generation,
execution, judgment, and repair. First, a candidate test branch is created for the given code unit(s). Then, test code
is generated and wrapped into a TestNode or IntegrationTestNode, which is executed inside a controlled Docker
environment. The execution results are judged by an LLM; if failures are detected, the framework automatically
generates fix queries and iteratively repairs the test until a validated version is obtained.
C.5
Statistics of Three Stage
Table 8 demonstrates that graph-guided localization provides reasonable efficiency across repositories, with Incremental
Development generally easier to localize than Integration Testing or Debugging. In terms of models, o3-mini achieves
higher localization efficiency but with larger variance, whereas qwen3-coder shows more stable yet overall lower
efficiency. These results suggest that while graph guidance is effective, model capacity and stability jointly influence
localization performance.
Table 8: Localization results across six open-source repositories under three task categories: Integration Testing,
Incremental Development, and Debugging. Each entry reports the mean performance with standard deviation (mean±std)
of the corresponding model–task pair.
Model
Task
TableKit
MLKit-Py
HttpEasy
PyWebEngine
StatModeler
SymbolicMath
o3-mini
Integration Testing
Incremental Development
Debugging
13.33±2.92
12.30±5.19
11.59±5.74
8.75±4.32
9.83±4.00
8.24±4.40
10.94±3.44
11.60±5.09
9.15±5.55
6.65±1.98
12.51±6.67
10.28±8.50
9.24±3.65
12.62±6.15
13.02±7.01
7.88±3.30
9.93±5.13
8.90±6.21
qwen3-coder
Integration Testing
Incremental Development
Debugging
6.16±2.37
6.81±1.87
6.75±2.21
6.62±2.12
7.10±1.98
6.01±2.16
7.89±2.42
7.48±1.85
6.25±1.82
5.93±2.06
6.98±1.92
6.62±2.47
9.24±3.65
6.49±1.79
5.94±2.19
7.88±3.30
7.12±1.77
6.42±1.94
37
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Algorithm 3 Patch-Oriented Testing with Unit, Regression, and Integration Stages
Require: Patch set P; repo skeleton R; dependency code D; existing unit nodes Nu ; existing integration nodes Ni ;
task description Θ
1: function T EST PATCHES(P, R, D, Θ)
2:
Tunit ← []; Tinte ← []
3:
Ttraj ← {unit : {}, inte : {}}
4:
P ′ ← P ∪ F IND D EP PATCHES(P)
▷ Extend patch set with dependency patches
5:
for patch p ∈ P ′ do
6:
nold ← F IND E XISTING U NIT N ODE(Nu , p)
7:
if nold ̸= ∅ and S AME S IGNATURE O R L OGIC(nold , p) then
8:
nnew ← nold
▷ Regression test: reuse existing node if signature/logic unchanged
9:
else
10:
nnew , traj ← C REATE O RU PDATE U NIT N ODE(p, D, Θ, nold )
11:
Ttraj [unit][p.key] ← traj
12:
end if
13:
R.I NSERT F ILE(nnew .test_file, nnew .test_code)
14:
res ← nnew .E XECUTE T EST()
15:
Tunit .APPEND(res)
16:
end for
17:
for patch group G clustered by integration-node do
18:
nold ← F IND E XISTING I NTEGRATION N ODE(Ni , G)
19:
if nold ̸= ∅ and A LL E QUAL(nold , G) then
20:
nnew ← nold
▷ Regression integration test: reuse existing node
21:
else
22:
nnew , traj ← C REATE I NTEGRATION N ODE(G, Θ)
23:
Ttraj [inte][G] ← traj
24:
R.I NSERT F ILE(nnew .test_file, nnew .test_code)
25:
end if
26:
res ← nnew .E XECUTE T EST()
27:
Tinte .APPEND(res)
28:
end for
29:
return Tunit ∪ Tinte , Ttraj
30: end function
As shown in Table 9, o3-mini achieves relatively high code success rates across repositories, often exceeding 75%
and in some cases approaching 90%, whereas qwen3-coder lags behind with rates around 50–55%. In contrast, the
corresponding test coverage remains moderate, typically within the 60–70% range. Figure 12 further illustrates that
coverage fluctuates and tends to decline as code length increases: shorter implementations reach high class-level
coverage, but both function-level and overall coverage drop significantly with greater complexity. These results suggest
that while current models are increasingly effective at generating functional code, their ability to produce comprehensive
and high-quality test cases remains limited, highlighting test generation as a key bottleneck for practical deployment.
Table 9: Average success rate and test coverage (%) for six repositories across two models.
Model
o3-mini
qwen3-coder
D
TableKit
MLKit-Py
HttpEasy
PyWebEngine
StatModeler
SymbolicMath
Success
Coverage
Success
Coverage
Success
Coverage
Success
Coverage
Success
Coverage
Success
Coverage
81.8%
55.0%
65.0%
48.0%
82.8%
52.0%
61.0%
46.0%
88.9%
50.0%
64.0%
45.0%
74.7%
53.0%
60.0%
47.0%
71.0%
54.0%
62.0%
48.0%
84.8%
51.0%
59.0%
46.0%
Details about RepoCraft Benchmark
In this section, we describe the construction of the R EPO C RAFT benchmark, covering four key aspects: the choice of
repositories, the preparation of test data, the evaluation methodology, and the configuration of agent systems.
38
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Algorithm 4 End-to-End Test Generation, Execution, and Repair
Require: Repo skeleton R; tested unit(s) U ; source code C; optional prior test node nold ; maximum retries Tmax
1: function RUN T ESTING P IPELINE(R, U, C, nold )
▷ Main entry point for testing workflow
2:
// — Step 1: Plan test branches —
3:
branch ← G ENERATE C ODE B RANCH(C, nold , Tmax )
4:
// — Step 2: Generate candidate test code —
5:
test_code ← G ENERATE T EST(branch, C, U, nold )
6:
// — Step 3: Build a TestNode —
7:
if U represents integration of multiple units then
8:
n ← I NTEGRATION T EST N ODE(U, test_code)
9:
else
10:
n ← U NIT T EST N ODE(U, C, test_code)
11:
end if
12:
// — Step 4: Execute test code in Docker —
13:
result ← n.E XECUTE T EST()
14:
output ← result.stdout ∥ result.stderr
15:
// — Step 5: LLM judge outcome —
16:
if result contains errors then
17:
(err_type, reviews) ← LLMJ UDGE(C, test_code, output, branch)
18:
if err_type ∈ {test_code, environment} then
19:
query ← G ENERATE F IX Q UERY(C, test_code, output, branch, reviews)
20:
n ← F IX T ESTAND E NV(query, U, C, output, n)
21:
end if
22:
end if
23:
// — Step 7: Return final validated test node —
24:
return n
25: end function
D.1
Repositories Selection
For the benchmark, we curated six representative open-source repositories: scikit-learn, pandas, Django, statsmodels,
SymPy, and requests. These projects span diverse functional domains including machine learning, data analysis, web
frameworks, statistical modeling, symbolic computation, and HTTP communication, thereby ensuring broad coverage
of typical software development tasks. To prevent models from simply memorizing or retrieving solutions from training
data, we deliberately anonymized the repositories by modifying their names and descriptions. Furthermore, the task
instructions prohibit directly reusing the original implementations, requiring models to generate solutions guided only
by feature specifications. This setup enforces a fairer evaluation, focusing on the models’ capacity for feature-grounded
reasoning and code generation rather than exploitation of prior exposure.
D.2
Evaluation Tasks Collection
To construct a diverse and reliable evaluation set, we developed an automated pipeline that extends and systematizes the
collection of test functions from the official repositories. Our design leverages the fact that mature open-source projects
typically include comprehensive test suites with robust inputs and ground-truth outputs, ranging from unit-level checks
to integration-level workflows. These tests provide a principled source of evaluation data, ensuring that generated
repositories are assessed on both algorithmic diversity and functional correctness.
Test Function Harvesting. For each repository, we first gathered all available test functions and classes. These serve
as the raw pool of evaluation candidates, capturing the behaviors developers themselves deemed important to verify.
Hierarchical Categorization. Next, we organized the collected tests into a hierarchical taxonomy. At the top
level, categories follow the natural modular structure used by human developers (e.g., metrics, linear_model,
decomposition). Within each category, we grouped related test classes and functions by algorithmic target. For
example:
{
" metrics ": {
" test_reg re ss i on ": {
" functions ": {
39
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Figure 12: Test coverage of o3-mini on MLKit-Py during generation. The figure shows how the coverage of generated
test functions varies as code length increases.

" reg_targets ": [
" test__check_reg_targets ",
" test__check_reg_targets_exception "
],
" re g r e s s i o n _ m e t r i c s ": [
" test_regression_metrics ",
" test_root_mean_squared_error_multioutput_raw_value ",
...
],
" pinball_loss ": [
" test_mean_pinball_loss_on_constant_predictions ",
" test_dummy_quantile_parameter_tuning ",
" test_pinball_loss_relation_with_mae "
]
}
}
}
}
This taxonomy mirrors repository semantics: higher levels correspond to broad functional modules, while deeper levels
capture fine-grained algorithmic tests.
Sampling and Filtering. To ensure balanced coverage, we applied the sampling algorithm(Alg 1) to draw representative subsets of test categories. Each sampled test was then refined into a task description that models could follow
during generation. Finally, we filtered out cases irrelevant to core algorithmic behavior (e.g., string formatting checks,
version consistency tests), retaining only tests that probe substantive computational functionality.
Example Task Instance. To illustrate the outcome of the pipeline, consider the following task specification extracted
from the Django repository:
{
" category ": " g is_mig ration s " ,
" file ": " tests / gis_tests / g is_mig ration s / te st _ op er a ti o ns . py " ,
" module ": " class O perati onTest s " ,
" cap ": " spatial_index " ,
" functions ": [
" test_create_model_spatial_index ",
" test_alter_field_add_spatial_index ",
" test_alter_field_remove_spatial_index ",
" test_alter_field_nullable_with_spatial_index ",
" test_alter_field_with_spatial_index "
40
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Table 10: Overview of the six benchmark repositories in R EPO C RAFT. Each repository is anonymized by renaming to
prevent direct memorization or retrieval by models. We list both the anonymized names and their original counterparts,
together with category, purpose, and scope.
Original
Name
Anonymized
Name
Category
Purpose
scikit-learn
MLKit-Py
Machine
Learning
Framework
sympy
SymbolicMath
Symbolic
Computation
Library
pandas
TableKit
Data Analysis
Library
django
PyWebEngine
Web Framework
requests
HttpEasy
HTTP Client
Library
statsmodels
StatModeler
Statistical
Modeling
Library
Provides efficient tools for data Focuses on model training, evalmining and analysis, supporting uation, and selection for standard
classical supervised and unsuper- ML tasks; excludes deep learning
vised learning algorithms.
and distributed systems.
Enables symbolic mathematics in- Pure Python implementation of
cluding algebraic manipulation, symbolic and algebraic computacalculus, simplification, and equa- tion, lightweight and extensible,
tion solving.
without external dependencies.
Provides flexible data structures Supports efficient single-machine
(e.g., DataFrame, Series) for ma- structured data processing; exnipulating and analyzing tabular cludes distributed data framedata.
works.
High-level framework for rapid Offers an all-in-one toolkit for
development with ORM, routing, building web applications on
templating, and admin support.
small-scale/single-server deployments.
Simple, human-friendly library Covers API for requests, refor sending HTTP requests and sponses, cookies, sessions, headhandling responses.
ers; excludes advanced networking and async features.
Provides econometric and statisti- Focuses on classical statistical
cal modeling tools, including re- analysis and diagnostics; exgression, time series, and hypoth- cludes modern machine learning
esis testing.
and deep learning.

Scope
],
" task_query ": " You are testing an algorithm that applies migration operations to GIS models , ensuring
that spatial indexes on spatial fields are properly created , enabled , disabled , or removed as
dictated by the migration speci ficati ons ." ,
" id ": " django -0109"
}
Each task is represented by (i) its repository category and file location, (ii) the associated test class and functions, and
(iii) a natural-language query summarizing the algorithm under test.
Given such a task, the benchmark provides the algorithm description, its corresponding input–output ground truth,
and the test method. Evaluation is then conducted along two dimensions: (1) Algorithm Presence — whether the
generated repository contains an implementation that matches the target algorithm, and (2) Algorithm Correctness —
whether the adapted tests pass against the generated implementation, reflecting functional accuracy. This dual perspective
allows us to measure both coverage of algorithmic functionality and the reliability of generated implementations.
D.3
Agent Pipeline
The evaluation employs a three-stage agent pipeline to connect task descriptions with generated repositories and derive
executable judgments of success.
Stage 1: Localization. Given a task and its algorithmic description, the agent first explores the generated repository
to locate candidate functions or classes that may implement the target algorithm. This step uses the exploration tools
detailed in Appendix C.1, and produces a set of potentially relevant code anchors.
Stage 2: Majority-Vote Validation. To verify whether the localized candidates truly correspond to the target
algorithm, we employ a majority-voting mechanism with a large language model (LLM). Each candidate is evaluated
five times; the majority outcome is taken as the decision. If the validation fails, the pipeline triggers a re-localization
41
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
attempt. The localization–validation loop is retried up to three times; if all attempts fail, the repository is judged to lack
an implementation of the algorithm.
Stage 3: Test Adaptation and Execution. For validated candidates, the agent then adapts the task’s reference test
code. Concretely, the provided ground-truth test (including inputs, outputs, and checking methods) is rewritten to match
the naming and structural conventions of the localized function or class. The adapted test is executed, and its outcome
determines whether the generated implementation is functionally correct.
This pipeline ensures that evaluation captures both coverage (whether an algorithm is present in the generated repository)
and correctness (whether its implementation passes the adapted tests).
D.3.1
Metrics
To comprehensively evaluate the generated repositories, we adopt a multi-dimensional set of metrics that capture four
complementary aspects: functionality alignment, novelty, execution accuracy, and code scale. The motivation is to
move beyond a single success/failure judgment and instead characterize (i) whether the right algorithms are generated,
(ii) whether new functionalities are introduced, (iii) whether these implementations actually work, and (iv) at what
level of scale and complexity they are realized. Together, these metrics provide a holistic view of the strengths and
limitations of different models.
Functionality Coverage. The first question is whether a model can reproduce the expected range of functionalities
in a target repository. We extract feature descriptions from both ground-truth repositories and generated repositories,
and define a reference set of categories C = {c1 , . . . , cK } based on official documentation and developer guidelines.
Generated functionalities G = {g1 , . . . , gN } are obtained either from structured intermediate outputs (for agent-based
methods) or directly from raw code (for baseline models). To align generated features with reference categories, we
perform K-Means clustering with C as fixed centroids, plus an additional centroid cOOD for out-of-distribution features.
Each generated feature gi is mapped to f (gi ) ∈ C ∪ {cOOD }, with assignments further refined by an LLM-as-Judge
to reduce semantic drift. Coverage is then defined as the fraction of reference categories that are “hit” by at least one
generated feature:
K
1 X
1 [∃gi ∈ G, f (gi ) = cj ] .
(1)
Coverage =
|C| j=1
This metric quantifies how well the generated repository aligns with the intended functionality footprint.
Functionality Novelty. Coverage alone cannot distinguish between a model that simply memorizes existing categories
and one that proposes extensions. To capture creativity and diversity, we measure the proportion of generated
functionalities that fall outside the reference taxonomy. Specifically, novelty is the fraction of generated nodes assigned
to the out-of-distribution centroid cOOD :
N
Novelty =
1 X
1 [f (gi ) = cOOD ] .
|G| i=1
(2)
High novelty indicates a tendency to introduce new capabilities, though such capabilities may or may not be useful.
This metric is therefore best interpreted jointly with accuracy (below).
Functionality Accuracy. Even if a repository covers the right categories, the implementations must be correct.
We therefore evaluate repository-specific tasks by checking whether generated code passes adapted test cases. Two
complementary statistics are reported:
• Voting Rate — the fraction of tasks where the localization–validation pipeline confirms that an implementation of
the target algorithm is present. This measures algorithm presence.
• Success Rate — the fraction of tasks where the adapted tests execute successfully. This measures algorithm
correctness.
Together, these metrics disentangle whether errors stem from missing functionality versus incorrect implementation.
Code-Level Statistics. Finally, we report statistics on the scale and complexity of generated codebases. This helps
distinguish minimal solutions from more realistic, full-fledged repositories. We compute these metrics over filtered
Python source files, excluding directories unrelated to core functionality (e.g., tests, examples, benchmarks). The
reported quantities are:
42
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
• File Count: number of valid source files, reflecting modular spread;
• Normalized LOC: effective lines of code after removing comments, docstrings, and blank lines, capturing
implementation size;
• Code Token Count: number of tokens in normalized code, measured with a standard tokenizer, reflecting lexical
complexity.
By jointly considering these four dimensions (coverage, novelty, accuracy in terms of presence and correctness, and
scale), we obtain a nuanced evaluation of generated repositories. This design ensures that models are rewarded not only
for producing functional code, but also for producing diverse, accurate, and realistically sized repositories.
D.4
Ground-Truth Taxonomy for Coverage and Novelty Calculation
{
" Supervised learning ": {
" Linear Models ": [] ,
" Kernel ridge regression ": [] ,
" Support Vector Machines ": {
" SVC ": [] ,
" SVR ": [] ,
" OneClassSVM ": []
},
" Nearest Neighbors ": [] ,
" Gaussian Processes ": [] ,
" Cross decomposition ": [] ,
" Naive Bayes ": [] ,
" Decision Trees ": [] ,
" Ensembles ": [] ,
" Multiclass and multioutput algorithms ": [] ,
" Feature selection ": [] ,
" Semi - supervised learning ": [] ,
" Isotonic regression ": [] ,
" Probability calibration ": [] ,
" Neural network models ( supervised )": []
},
" Unsupervised learning ": {
" Gaussian mixture models ": [] ,
" Manifold learning ": [] ,
" Clustering ": [] ,
" Biclustering ": [] ,
" matrix factorization problems ": [] ,
" Covariance estimation ": [] ,
" Novelty and Outlier Detection ": [] ,
" Density Estimation ": [] ,
" Neural network models ( unsupervised )": []
},
" Model selection and evaluation ": {
" Cross - validation ": [] ,
" Tuning the hyper - parameters of an estimator ": [] ,
" Validation curves ": {
" Classification Metrics ": [] ,
" Regression Metrics ": [] ,
" Clustering Metrics ": []
}
},
" Inspection ": {
" Permutation feature importance ": []
},
" Dataset transformations ": {
" Feature extraction ": {
" Feature hashing ": [] ,
" Text feature extraction ": [] ,
43
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
" Image feature extraction ": []
},
" Preprocessing data ": {
" Scaling and Normalization ": [] ,
" Discretization and Binarization ": [] ,
" Polynomial and Non - linear Feature Engineering ": [] ,
" Categorical Feature Encoding ": [] ,
" Missing Value Imputation ": [] ,
" Kernel and Matrix Centering ": []
},
" Unsupervised dimensionality reduction ": [] ,
" Random Projection ": [] ,
" Kernel Approximation ": [] ,
" Pairwise metrics , Affinities and Kernels ": []
},
" Dataset loading utilities ": {} ,
" Model persistence ": []
}
{
" requests ": {
" Core Request Features ": {
" HTTP Method Support ": [] ,
" URL and Query Handling ": [] ,
" Request Body Construction ": [] ,
" Custom Headers ": []
},
" Response Handling ": {
" Response Body Access ": [] ,
" JSON Processing ": [] ,
" Response Metadata ": [] ,
" Cookie Handling ": []
},
" Session Management ": {
" Session Persistence ": [] ,
" Session Customization ": []
},
" Advanced Configuration ": {
" Timeouts and Retries ": [] ,
" Redirect Control ": [] ,
" Streaming and Chunking ": [] ,
" Authentication Support ": [] ,
" Event Hooks ": []
},
" Security and Transport ": {
" SSL Verification ": [] ,
" Client Certificates ": [] ,
" Transport Control ": [] ,
" Proxy Support ": []
},
" Compliance and Encoding ": {
" Encoding Handling ": [] ,
" Standards Compliance ": [] ,
" Blocking Behavior ": []
}
}
}
44
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
E
E.1
Experiment Results
Baseline Configurations
To ensure fair comparison, we evaluate three representative systems for repository synthesis: MetaGPT, ChatDev,
and Paper2Code, together with several single-agent LLM baselines. All methods are run with their official or default
configurations.
MetaGPT. MetaGPT is a multi-agent framework that simulates a software company by assigning roles such as
Product Manager, Architect, Project Manager, Engineer, and Tester. The agents collaborate following predefined
Standard Operating Procedures to complete planning, design, implementation, and debugging.
ChatDev. ChatDev also follows a company-style organization, where agents take charge of requirement analysis,
coding, testing, and review. It uses a chat-based interaction mechanism to coordinate between stages. We run ChatDev
with its default settings.
Paper2Code. Paper2Code is a fixed workflow system designed to convert machine learning papers into executable
repositories. It follows a three-stage pipeline of planning, analysis, and generation, which we execute sequentially using
the default setup.
Vibe-Coding Agent (OpenHands, Codex, Claude Code, Gemini CLI). For comparison with standalone LLM
systems, we configure each model with a maximum of 30 iterations. The first round is initialized with the repository
description. In each subsequent round, the model receives a fixed self-reflection prompt:
Please check whether the current repository still has any features that could be enhanced or any missing
functionality that needs to be added . If there are no further improvements , or if you consider the
task complete , please reply with " yes " only . If there are still potential enhancements or
improvements to be made , please continue working on them , and do not reply with " yes " just because
you are concerned about complexity .

E.2
Detailed Experiment Results
We report the results of different methods on six repositories. For each repository, the methods are evaluated under the
same settings to enable direct comparison.
Table 11: Performance on the MLKit-Py "Nov." denotes the novelty rate; the number in parentheses is Novel/Total,
where Novel is the number of novel functionalities and Total is the total number of planned functionalities.
Agent
Model
Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) (Novel/Total) ↑
Pass. / Vot. (%) ↑
Files ↑
LOC ↑
Tokens ↑
MetaGPT
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
14.9
19.2
0.0 (0.0/13.0)
0.0 (0.0/23.0)
6.3 / 7.3
9.9 / 12.0
3.0
8.0
95.0
170.0
928.0
1718
ChatDev
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
8.5
12.8
14.3 (2/14)
0.0 (0/49)
6.3 / 7.3
10.5 / 11.5
6
7
163
280
2064
3100
OpenHands
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
31.9
34.0
0.0 (0/39)
0.0 (0/48)
11.5 / 13.6
11.0 / 14.0
14
26
272
1020
2499
10213
Paper2Code
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
25.5
31.9
0.0 (0/41)
0.0 (0/118)
17.8 / 19.9
18.8 / 24.6
5
12
564
1710
6346
20821
Codex CLI
Gemini CLI
Claude Code CLI
o3 pro
gemini 2.5 pro
claude 4 sonnet
31.9
59.6
59.6
0.0 (0/59)
0.0 (0/141)
0.0 (0/163)
11.0 / 16.9
0.0 / 33.5
27.5 / 42.4
14
19
31
829
2316
3559
8344
24782
37056
Gold Projects
Human Developers
-
-
85.1 / 98.3
185
65972
592187
ZeroRepo
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
97.9
85.1
4.7 (54/1258)
15.0 (176/1233)
73.5 / 78.7
63.6 / 74.6
266
642
31596
60553
351554
741634
E.3
Examples of Coverage Calculation and Novelty Assessment
In this subsection, we provide examples of how coverage and novelty are computed from the constructed RPG,
illustrating category alignment for coverage and out-of-distribution detection for novelty.
45
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Table 12: Performance on the HttpEasy repo. "Nov." denotes the novelty rate; the number in parentheses is Novel/Total,
where Novel is the number of novel functionalities and Total is the total number of planned functionalities.
Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) (Novel/Total) ↑
Pass. / Vot. (%) ↑
Files ↑
LOC ↑
Tokens ↑
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
22.7
31.8
0.0 (0/12)
0.0 (0/17)
5.0 / 15.0
20.0 / 25.0
1
4
167
175
1802
2023
ChatDev
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
36.4
40.9
18.2 (2/11)
3.5 (1/31)
15.0 / 15.0
20.0 / 30.0
3
2
177
323
2055
3151
OpenHands
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
22.7
31.8
0.0 (0/5)
0.0 (0/20)
20.5 / 28.2
20.0 / 30.0
3
2
72
214
669
1960
Paper2Code
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
27.3
50.0
0.0 (0/18)
2.7 (1/39)
0.0 / 24.2
0.0 / 45.5
5
5
192
377
1856
3965
Codex CLI
Gemini CLI
Claude Code CLI
o3 pro
gemini 2.5 pro
claude 4 sonnet
45.5
59.1
50.0
0.0 (0/19)
3.1 (1/33)
0.0 (0/21)
14.0 / 28.0
40.0 / 56.0
36.0 / 42.0
1
1
2
197
420
436
1879
5407
4931
Gold Projects
Human Developers
-
-
72.3 / 87.2
17
2793
22297
ZeroRepo
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
100.0
95.5
2.05 (7/433)
0.3 (2/854)
64.0 / 72.0
54.0 / 64.0
109
245
6192
15559
61922
165051
Agent
Model
MetaGPT
Table 13: Performance on the PyWebEngine repo. "Nov." denotes the novelty rate; the number in parentheses is
Novel/Total, where Novel is the number of novel functionalities and Total is the total number of planned functionalities.
Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) (Novel/Total) ↑
Pass. / Vot. (%) ↑
Files ↑
LOC ↑
Tokens ↑
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
27.1
18.8
0.0 (0/52)
0.0 (0/52)
0.0 / 13.5
0.0 / 9.2
2
9
421
238
3733
1928
ChatDev
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
25.0
27.1
0.0 (0/40)
0.0 (0/49)
0.0 / 14.2
0.0 / 12.1
8
11
372
679
3185
5950
OpenHands
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
31.3
25.0
2.0 (1/55)
0.0 (0/52)
0.0 / 14.2
0.0 / 19.1
18
13
304
427
2628
3996
Paper2Code
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
27.1
43.8
0.0 (0/46)
0.0 (0/103)
0.0 / 15.6
0.0 / 19.9
11
10
619
1761
6342
16076
Codex CLI
Gemini CLI
Claude Code CLI
o3 pro
gemini 2.5 pro
claude 4 sonnet
39.6
45.8
64.6
0.0 (0/88)
0.3 (1/318)
38.1 (669/2165)
12.1 / 26.7
7.6 / 48.1
33.9 / 66.1
2
45
80
769
2975
34302
7751
27655
317883
Gold Projects
Human Developers
-
-
81.6 / 86.5
681
109457
917622
ZeroRepo
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
79.2
68.8
38.2 (566/1680)
18.1 (244/1561)
74.1 / 84.4
56.4 / 64.8
430
521
27647
48058
275782
539052
Agent
Model
MetaGPT
Analysis of Coverage Examples. These examples demonstrate that our coverage metric provides a reasonable
allocation of generated functionalities to reference categories. Core areas such as regression, classification, clustering,
and preprocessing are consistently captured, while supporting utilities (e.g., normalization, imputation) are distributed
into their respective modules without overlap or misplacement. This validates the soundness of our metric design
for assessing functional completeness. Moreover, the RPG ensures that functionalities are not only well aligned
with reference categories but also diversified across them, highlighting its effectiveness as a planning substrate for
repository-level generation.
{
" SVR ": [
" NuSVR "
],
" Gaussian mixture models ": [
" gmm expectation maximization " ,
" dp gaussian mixture "
],
" Scaling and Normalization ": [
" quantile scaling " ,
46
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
Table 14: Performance on the TableKit repo. "Nov." denotes the novelty rate; the number in parentheses is Novel/Total,
where Novel is the number of novel functionalities and Total is the total number of planned functionalities.
Agent
Model
Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) (Novel/Total) ↑
Pass. / Vot. (%) ↑
Files ↑
LOC ↑
Tokens ↑
MetaGPT
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
13.2
6.6
0.0 (0/21)
0.0 (0/17)
0.0 / 11.5
0.0 / 6.4
1
3
186
133
1814
1453
ChatDev
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
21.1
19.7
0.0 (0/36)
0.0 (0/54)
0.0 / 15.0
0.0 / 0.0
2
6
332
918
3517
9168
OpenHands
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
11.8
11.8
0.0 (0/26)
0.0 (0/23)
0.0 / 18.1
0.0 / 12.1
6
2
193
174
1753
1914
Paper2Code
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
17.1
17.1
9.4 (5/53)
0.0 (0/61)
0.0 / 23.5
6.2 / 20.4
7
9
529
1886
5325
19337
Codex CLI
Gemini CLI
Claude Code CLI
o3 pro
gemini 2.5 pro
claude 4 sonnet
11.8
44.7
52.6
0.0 (0/23)
0.0 (0/117)
0.0 (0/191)
21.1 / 30.9
38.6 / 48.5
53.1 / 77.7
2
15
11
552
1249
8509
6299
12242
83834
Gold Projects
Human Developers
-
-
90.6 / 94.0
217
106447
943873
ZeroRepo
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
72.4
65.8
21.1 (306/1701)
13.9 (178/1500)
81.4 / 88.3
48.0 / 64.8
477
347
37331
32387
395536
389886
Table 15: Performance on the StatModeler repo. "Nov." denotes the novelty rate; the number in parentheses is
Novel/Total, where Novel is the number of novel functionalities and Total is the total number of planned functionalities.
Agent
Model
Cov. (%) ↑
Nov. (%) (Novel/Total) ↑
Pass. / Vot. (%) ↑
Files ↑
LOC ↑
Tokens ↑
MetaGPT
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
11.4
5.7
0.0 (0/19)
0.0 (0/10)
5.6 / 6.1
0.0 / 2.8
6
13
228
437
2330
5435
ChatDev
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
10.2
11.4
21.1 (8/38)
0.0 (0/18)
1.1 / 9.5
3.2 / 7.7
9
6
726
320
9644
3797
OpenHands
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
13.6
14.8
0.0 (0/32)
0.0 (0/27)
7.9 / 9.0
9.5 / 12.8
9
5
335
670
3338
8476
Paper2Code
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
12.5
13.6
21.6 (8/29)
30.0 (12/50)
0.0 / 10.7
3.2 / 14.0
9
8
813
1179
9793
13519
Codex CLI
Gemini CLI
Claude Code CLI
o3 pro
gemini 2.5 pro
claude 4 sonnet
20.5
23.7
34.1
0.0 (0/23)
0.0 (0/55)
0.0 (0/191)
8.2 / 9.9
13.5 / 23.2
18.4 / 27.8
9
6
28
709
736
4043
8473
8063
46182
Gold Projects
Human Developers
-
-
87.2 / 96.2
271
83325
893824
ZeroRepo
o3-mini
Qwen3-Coder
77.3
77.3
15.6 (143/1021)
8.2 (83/1113)
76.4 / 81.1
66.2 / 73.9
220
436
24141
47370
294292
598058
" scale to [0 , 1]" ,
"z - score scaling " ,
" IQR scaling "
],
" Missing Value Imputation ": [
" mean imputation " ,
" matrix completion imputation " ,
" impute using K - nearest neighbors " ,
" impute with global median " ,
" impute missing data " ,
],
" Ensembles ": [
" light gradient boosting " ,
" H i stGradientBoosting " ,
" bagging classification trees " ,
" random forest " ,
" LightGBM " ,
" CatBoost " ,
" XGBoost "
47
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
],
" Clustering Metrics ": [
" density peak clustering " ,
" gap statistic " ,
" silhouette score calculation " ,
" inertia calculation "
],
" Naive Bayes ": [
" multinomial naive bayes " ,
" bernoulli naive bayes " ,
" gaussian naive bayes "
],
" Linear Models ": [
" ridge regression " ,
" lasso regression " ,
" huber regression " ,
" ransac regression "
],
" SVC ": [
" soft margin SVM " ,
" hard margin SVM " ,
" SVM with precomputed kernel "
]
}
{
" Proxy Support ": [
" rotate proxy list " ,
" auto detect system proxy " ,
" custom dns resolver integration "
],
" HTTP Method Support ": [
" send POST request " ,
" GET request with cookies " ,
" send DELETE request " ,
" PUT with JSON payload "
],
" URL and Query Handling ": [
" encode path segments " ,
" parse query string " ,
" normalize request url "
],
" Redirect Control ": [
" auto follow redirects " ,
" limit redirect chain "
],
" Authentication Support ": [
" send basic auth " ,
" include oauth2 bearer token " ,
" refresh auth token "
],
" Timeouts and Retries ": [
" set request timeout " ,
" apply exponential backoff " ,
" custom retry hook "
],
" JSON Processing ": [
" auto deserialize json " ,
" validate json schema " ,
" serialize dict to JSON "
],
48
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
" SSL Verification ": [
" ssl hostname verification " ,
" load custom certificates "
],
" Streaming and Chunking ": [
" process chunked response " ,
" resume file download support "
]
}
Analysis of Novelty Examples The novelty cases illustrate two key observations. First, novelty captures meaningful
extensions rather than random noise: in MLKit-Py, we see coherent additions such as Prophet forecasting, STL
decomposition, and genetic programming feature synthesis, while in StatModeler new capabilities include vector
autoregression and Cox proportional hazards models. Second, the new functionalities proposed by the RPG remain
reasonable within the target domain: they extend statistical modeling, optimization, or robustness analysis in ways
that align with real-world software evolution. Together, these examples confirm that the RPG supports not only stable
replication of reference repositories but also the introduction of coherent and domain-consistent innovations.
{
" new_features ": [
" vector autoregression model " ,
" forecasting with Prophet " ,
" genetic programming feature synthesis " ,
" multi - objective bayesian optimization " ,
" online learning " ,
" apriori association mining " ,
" Cox proportional hazards model " ,
" STL decomposition " ,
" temporal drift detection " ,
" fuzz testing " ,
" interactive dashboards " ,
" NoSQL queries " ,
" pareto optimization " ,
" demographic parity test " ,
" secure argument parsing " ,
...
]
}
{
" new_features ": [
" vector autoregression model " ,
" forecasting with Prophet " ,
" genetic programming feature synthesis " ,
" multi - objective bayesian optimization " ,
" online learning " ,
" apriori association mining " ,
" Cox proportional hazards model " ,
" STL decomposition " ,
" temporal drift detection " ,
" fuzz testing " ,
" interactive dashboards " ,
" NoSQL queries " ,
" pareto optimization " ,
" demographic parity test " ,
" secure argument parsing " ,
...

49
A PREPRINT - O CTOBER 21, 2025
]
}
E.4
Examples of Localization Behavior
Figure 13: Aggregated function call frequency distribution across localization steps in all repositories using o3-mini.
Graph guidance structures localization into systematic search. Figure 13 shows that with graph guidance,
localization behavior follows a structured CCG pattern (Coarse Search → Content Inspection → Global Graph
Exploration). The agent begins by traversing the RPG at a coarse level to identify high-level candidates, then inspects
content-rich nodes for detailed signals, and finally explores semantically related structures across the graph. Termination
calls rise as the search converges. This progression indicates that the RPG reshapes the agent’s behavior into a
systematic, relation-aware search process, replacing ad hoc or repetitive probing.

50
